organism
benthos
cell
person
animal
plant
artifact
dressage
piaffe
funambulism
rock climbing
contact sport
outdoor sport
gymnastics
track and field
track
jumping
broad jump
high jump
skiing
cross-country skiing
ski jumping
water sport
swimming
bathe
dip
dive
floating
skin diving
scuba diving
snorkeling
surfing
water-skiing
rowing
boxing
professional boxing
in-fighting
fight
rope-a-dope
spar
archery
sledding
tobogganing
bobsledding
wrestling
Greco-Roman wrestling
professional wrestling
sumo
skating
ice skating
roller skating
skateboarding
speed skating
racing
auto racing
boat racing
camel racing
greyhound racing
horse racing
riding
equestrian sport
pony-trekking
showjumping
cross-country riding
cycling
bicycling
motorcycling
bullfighting
cockfighting
hunt
beagling
coursing
deer hunting
ducking
fox hunting
fishing
angling
fly-fishing
troll
casting
fly casting
overcast
surf casting
day game
athletic game
ice hockey
tetherball
water polo
outdoor game
golf
professional golf
round of golf
medal play
match play
miniature golf
croquet
quoits
shuffleboard
field game
field hockey
football
American football
professional football
hurling
rugby
ball game
ball
professional baseball
perfect game
no-hit game
two-hitter
three-hitter
four-hitter
five-hitter
softball
stickball
cricket
lacrosse
polo
soccer
court game
handball
racquetball
squash
volleyball
jai alai
badminton
battledore
basketball
professional basketball
netball
tennis
professional tennis
singles
singles
doubles
doubles
royal tennis
pallone
judo
team sport
pest
critter
creepy-crawly
peeper
poikilotherm
range animal
scavenger
bottom-feeder
work animal
domestic animal
feeder
feeder
hatchling
head
pet
stayer
stunt
marine animal
hen
male
adult
young
orphan
young mammal
baby
pup
wolf pup
puppy
cub
lion cub
bear cub
tiger cub
kit
suckling
sire
dam
thoroughbred
giant
herbivore
insectivore
microorganism
adenovirus
herpes
herpes zoster
cytomegalovirus
varicella zoster virus
reovirus
moneran
Bacillus anthracis
Yersinia pestis
spirillum
enteric bacteria
actinomycete
myxobacteria
streptococcus
spirochete
zooplankton
commensal
myrmecophile
protozoan
sarcodinian
ciliate
alga
brown algae
green algae
chlorella
eukaryote
sporozoan
loach
cyprinid
carp
tench
dace
shiner
rudd
minnow
gudgeon
goldfish
crucian carp
electric eel
catostomid
killifish
swordtail
guppy
topminnow
squirrelfish
boarfish
cornetfish
stickleback
pipefish
shrimpfish
trumpetfish
embryo
fetus
yolk
tunicate
ascidian
salp
vertebrate
Amniota
aquatic vertebrate
jawless vertebrate
holocephalan
elasmobranch
shark
cow shark
porbeagle
mako
great white shark
basking shark
thresher
nurse shark
sand tiger
whale shark
requiem shark
bull shark
sandbar shark
blacktip shark
whitetip shark
dusky shark
lemon shark
blue shark
tiger shark
dogfish
smooth dogfish
spiny dogfish
hammerhead
angel shark
ray
electric ray
sawfish
guitarfish
stingray
eagle ray
manta
skate
bird
dickeybird
fledgling
nestling
cock
hen
night bird
bird of passage
ratite
carinate
ostrich
cassowary
emu
kiwi
rhea
rhea
passerine
nonpasserine bird
oscine
songbird
accentor
lark
wagtail
pipit
finch
chaffinch
brambling
goldfinch
linnet
siskin
redpoll
redpoll
New World goldfinch
pine siskin
house finch
purple finch
canary
serin
crossbill
bullfinch
junco
New World sparrow
vesper sparrow
white-throated sparrow
white-crowned sparrow
chipping sparrow
field sparrow
tree sparrow
song sparrow
swamp sparrow
bunting
indigo bunting
ortolan
reed bunting
yellowhammer
snow bunting
honeycreeper
sparrow
English sparrow
tree sparrow
grosbeak
evening grosbeak
hawfinch
pine grosbeak
cardinal
pyrrhuloxia
towhee
weaver
baya
whydah
Java sparrow
grassfinch
honeycreeper
lyrebird
scrubbird
broadbill
New World flycatcher
kingbird
Arkansas kingbird
Cassin's kingbird
eastern kingbird
grey kingbird
pewee
phoebe
vermillion flycatcher
cotinga
manakin
ovenbird
antbird
woodhewer
pitta
scissortail
Old World flycatcher
thrush
missel thrush
song thrush
fieldfare
redwing
blackbird
ring ouzel
robin
clay-colored robin
hermit thrush
veery
wood thrush
nightingale
thrush nightingale
Old World chat
stonechat
whinchat
redstart
wheatear
bluebird
robin
bluethroat
warbler
gnatcatcher
kinglet
goldcrest
ruby-crowned kinglet
Old World warbler
blackcap
greater whitethroat
lesser whitethroat
wood warbler
sedge warbler
wren warbler
tailorbird
babbler
New World warbler
parula warbler
Wilson's warbler
flycatching warbler
Cape May warbler
yellow warbler
Blackburn
Audubon's warbler
myrtle warbler
blackpoll
New World chat
ovenbird
water thrush
yellowthroat
New World oriole
northern oriole
Baltimore oriole
Bullock's oriole
orchard oriole
meadowlark
eastern meadowlark
western meadowlark
cacique
bobolink
New World blackbird
grackle
rusty blackbird
cowbird
red-winged blackbird
Old World oriole
starling
common starling
myna
crested myna
hill myna
corvine bird
crow
raven
rook
jackdaw
chough
jay
New World jay
Canada jay
nutcracker
magpie
Australian magpie
butcherbird
currawong
piping crow
wren
winter wren
house wren
marsh wren
rock wren
Carolina wren
cactus wren
mockingbird
catbird
thrasher
New Zealand wren
creeper
European nuthatch
red-breasted nuthatch
white-breasted nuthatch
titmouse
chickadee
black-capped chickadee
tufted titmouse
Carolina chickadee
blue tit
bushtit
verdin
fairy bluebird
swallow
barn swallow
cliff swallow
tree swallow
white-bellied swallow
martin
house martin
bank martin
purple martin
wood swallow
tanager
scarlet tanager
western tanager
summer tanager
hepatic tanager
shrike
butcherbird
European shrike
northern shrike
white-rumped shrike
loggerhead shrike
migrant shrike
bush shrike
bowerbird
water ouzel
vireo
red-eyed vireo
solitary vireo
blue-headed vireo
waxwing
cedar waxwing
Bohemian waxwing
bird of prey
Accipitriformes
hawk
eyas
tiercel
goshawk
sparrow hawk
Cooper's hawk
redtail
rough-legged hawk
red-shouldered hawk
buzzard
honey buzzard
kite
black kite
swallow-tailed kite
white-tailed kite
harrier
marsh harrier
Montagu's harrier
marsh hawk
harrier eagle
falcon
peregrine
gyrfalcon
kestrel
sparrow hawk
pigeon hawk
hobby
caracara
eagle
young bird
eaglet
harpy
golden eagle
tawny eagle
bald eagle
sea eagle
Kamchatkan sea eagle
ern
fishing eagle
osprey
vulture
griffon vulture
bearded vulture
Egyptian vulture
black vulture
secretary bird
New World vulture
buzzard
condor
Andean condor
California condor
black vulture
king vulture
owl
owlet
little owl
horned owl
great grey owl
tawny owl
barred owl
screech owl
screech owl
scops owl
spotted owl
hoot owl
hawk owl
long-eared owl
barn owl
amphibian
urodele
salamander
European fire salamander
spotted salamander
alpine salamander
newt
common newt
red eft
Pacific newt
eft
mole salamander
spotted salamander
tiger salamander
axolotl
hellbender
giant salamander
dicamptodon
Pacific giant salamander
lungless salamander
eastern red-backed salamander
dusky salamander
climbing salamander
slender salamander
web-toed salamander
frog
true frog
wood-frog
leopard frog
bullfrog
green frog
cascades frog
pickerel frog
grass frog
barking frog
crapaud
tree frog
tailed frog
true toad
bufo
agua
European toad
natterjack
American toad
Eurasian green toad
Texas toad
southwestern toad
western toad
obstetrical toad
midwife toad
fire-bellied toad
spadefoot
tree toad
spring peeper
Pacific tree toad
canyon treefrog
cricket frog
chorus frog
eastern narrow-mouthed toad
tongueless frog
South American poison toad
caecilian
reptile
anapsid
sea turtle
green turtle
loggerhead
ridley
Atlantic ridley
Pacific ridley
hawksbill turtle
leatherback turtle
snapping turtle
mud turtle
terrapin
red-bellied terrapin
slider
cooter
box turtle
painted turtle
tortoise
European tortoise
giant tortoise
gopher tortoise
desert tortoise
Texas tortoise
soft-shelled turtle
tuatara
saurian
gecko
iguanid
common iguana
marine iguana
desert iguana
chuckwalla
earless lizard
collared lizard
leopard lizard
spiny lizard
fence lizard
western fence lizard
eastern fence lizard
sagebrush lizard
side-blotched lizard
tree lizard
horned lizard
basilisk
American chameleon
night lizard
skink
teiid lizard
agamid
agama
frilled lizard
moloch
anguid lizard
legless lizard
venomous lizard
lacertid lizard
chameleon
monitor
African monitor
Komodo dragon
crocodilian reptile
crocodile
African crocodile
Asian crocodile
alligator
American alligator
Chinese alligator
caiman
gavial
saurischian
diplodocus
snake
colubrid snake
thunder snake
ringneck snake
hognose snake
green snake
green snake
racer
whip-snake
rat snake
corn snake
black rat snake
chicken snake
Indian rat snake
glossy snake
bull snake
gopher snake
pine snake
king snake
garter snake
common garter snake
ribbon snake
Western ribbon snake
ground snake
eastern ground snake
water snake
common water snake
water moccasin
grass snake
red-bellied snake
sand snake
vine snake
night snake
blind snake
indigo snake
constrictor
boa constrictor
rubber boa
rosy boa
anaconda
python
carpet snake
reticulated python
Indian python
rock python
amethystine python
elapid
coral snake
coral snake
copperhead
cobra
Indian cobra
asp
black-necked cobra
hamadryad
ringhals
mamba
death adder
tiger snake
Australian blacksnake
krait
taipan
sea snake
viper
adder
asp
puff adder
gaboon viper
horned viper
pit viper
copperhead
water moccasin
rattlesnake
diamondback
timber rattlesnake
prairie rattlesnake
sidewinder
Western diamondback
rock rattlesnake
tiger rattlesnake
Mojave rattlesnake
speckled rattlesnake
massasauga
ground rattler
fer-de-lance
arthropod
trilobite
arachnid
harvestman
scorpion
false scorpion
whip-scorpion
spider
orb-weaving spider
black and gold garden spider
barn spider
garden spider
comb-footed spider
black widow
tarantula
wolf spider
trap-door spider
tick
hard tick
Ixodes dammini
Ixodes scapularis
sheep-tick
wood tick
mite
myriapod
garden centipede
centipede
millipede
sea spider
horseshoe crab
eurypterid
domestic fowl
Plymouth Rock
game fowl
cochin
jungle fowl
chicken
bantam
chick
cock
hen
brood hen
mother hen
layer
pullet
Rhode Island red
Orpington
turkey
ocellated turkey
grouse
black grouse
ptarmigan
capercaillie
spruce grouse
sage grouse
ruffed grouse
sharp-tailed grouse
prairie chicken
guan
curassow
chachalaca
megapode
pheasant
ring-necked pheasant
argus
golden pheasant
bobwhite
Old World quail
monal
peafowl
peacock
peahen
blue peafowl
green peafowl
quail
California quail
tragopan
partridge
Hungarian partridge
red-legged partridge
Greek partridge
mountain quail
guinea fowl
hoatzin
tinamou
dodo
pigeon
pouter pigeon
dove
rock dove
band-tailed pigeon
wood pigeon
turtledove
Australian turtledove
mourning dove
domestic pigeon
squab
roller
homing pigeon
sandgrouse
parrot
popinjay
poll
African grey
amazon
macaw
kea
cockatoo
sulphur-crested cockatoo
pink cockatoo
cockateel
lovebird
lory
parakeet
Carolina parakeet
budgerigar
ring-necked parakeet
cuckoo
European cuckoo
black-billed cuckoo
roadrunner
ani
coucal
touraco
roller
kingfisher
Eurasian kingfisher
belted kingfisher
kookaburra
bee eater
hornbill
hoopoe
motmot
tody
swift
hummingbird
Archilochus colubris
thornbill
woodpecker
green woodpecker
downy woodpecker
flicker
yellow-shafted flicker
gilded flicker
red-shafted flicker
ivorybill
redheaded woodpecker
sapsucker
yellow-bellied sapsucker
red-breasted sapsucker
wryneck
barbet
puffbird
jacamar
toucan
trogon
aquatic bird
waterfowl
anseriform bird
duck
drake
quack-quack
duckling
diving duck
dabbling duck
mallard
black duck
teal
greenwing
bluewing
garganey
widgeon
shoveler
pintail
sheldrake
ruddy duck
bufflehead
goldeneye
canvasback
pochard
redhead
scaup
greater scaup
lesser scaup
wild duck
wood duck
mandarin duck
muscovy duck
sea duck
eider
scoter
old squaw
merganser
goosander
American merganser
red-breasted merganser
smew
hooded merganser
goose
gosling
gander
Chinese goose
greylag
blue goose
brant
honker
barnacle goose
coscoroba
swan
cob
pen
cygnet
mute swan
whooper
tundra swan
whistling swan
Bewick's swan
trumpeter
black swan
screamer
mammal
female mammal
tusker
prototherian
echidna
echidna
platypus
opossum
opossum rat
bandicoot
kangaroo
giant kangaroo
wallaby
common wallaby
rock wallaby
pademelon
tree wallaby
rat kangaroo
phalanger
brush-tailed phalanger
flying phalanger
koala
wombat
dasyure
thylacine
Tasmanian devil
numbat
placental
livestock
bull
cow
calf
calf
yearling
buck
doe
insectivore
mole
shrew
hedgehog
tenrec
contour feather
bastard wing
scallop shell
oyster shell
theca
invertebrate
sponge
coelenterate
polyp
jellyfish
hydrozoan
anthozoan
sea anemone
sea pen
coral
gorgonian
sea feather
sea fan
stony coral
brain coral
staghorn coral
mushroom coral
ctenophore
worm
woodworm
woodborer
flatworm
rotifer
nematode
annelid
oligochaete
polychaete
leech
mollusk
gastropod
abalone
conch
snail
edible snail
garden snail
brown snail
Helix hortensis
slug
seasnail
neritid
whelk
moon shell
limpet
sea slug
sea hare
bubble shell
physa
cowrie
chiton
bivalve
spat
clam
seashell
soft-shell clam
quahog
geoduck
razor clam
giant clam
cockle
oyster
ark shell
mussel
marine mussel
freshwater mussel
scallop
cephalopod
chambered nautilus
octopod
decapod
crustacean
malacostracan crustacean
decapod crustacean
brachyuran
crab
stone crab
Dungeness crab
rock crab
swimming crab
fiddler crab
king crab
spider crab
lobster
true lobster
Norway lobster
spiny lobster
crayfish
hermit crab
shrimp
prawn
tropical prawn
krill
stomatopod
isopod
woodlouse
amphipod
copepod
seed shrimp
barnacle
onychophoran
wading bird
stork
white stork
black stork
adjutant bird
marabou
openbill
jabiru
saddlebill
policeman bird
wood ibis
shoebill
ibis
wood ibis
sacred ibis
spoonbill
common spoonbill
roseate spoonbill
flamingo
heron
great blue heron
great white heron
egret
little blue heron
snowy egret
little egret
great white heron
American egret
cattle egret
night heron
black-crowned night heron
yellow-crowned night heron
boatbill
bittern
American bittern
European bittern
least bittern
crane
courlan
limpkin
crested cariama
chunga
rail
weka
crake
gallinule
Florida gallinule
moorhen
purple gallinule
notornis
coot
American coot
Old World coot
bustard
button quail
trumpeter
seabird
shorebird
plover
piping plover
killdeer
dotterel
golden plover
lapwing
turnstone
ruddy turnstone
black turnstone
sandpiper
surfbird
European sandpiper
spotted sandpiper
least sandpiper
red-backed sandpiper
greenshank
redshank
yellowlegs
greater yellowlegs
lesser yellowlegs
pectoral sandpiper
knot
curlew sandpiper
sanderling
upland sandpiper
ruff
tattler
woodcock
snipe
whole snipe
Wilson's snipe
great snipe
jacksnipe
dowitcher
curlew
godwit
stilt
black-necked stilt
black-winged stilt
white-headed stilt
stilt
avocet
oystercatcher
phalarope
red phalarope
northern phalarope
Wilson's phalarope
pratincole
courser
stone curlew
larid
gull
mew
black-backed gull
herring gull
laughing gull
ivory gull
kittiwake
tern
skimmer
jaeger
parasitic jaeger
skua
auk
auklet
razorbill
little auk
guillemot
black guillemot
pigeon guillemot
murre
puffin
Atlantic puffin
horned puffin
tufted puffin
gaviiform seabird
podicipitiform seabird
great crested grebe
red-necked grebe
black-necked grebe
dabchick
pied-billed grebe
pelican
white pelican
Old world white pelican
frigate bird
gannet
solan
booby
cormorant
snakebird
tropic bird
sphenisciform seabird
Adelie
king penguin
emperor penguin
jackass penguin
rock hopper
pelagic bird
albatross
wandering albatross
black-footed albatross
petrel
giant petrel
fulmar
shearwater
storm petrel
diving petrel
aquatic mammal
cetacean
baleen whale
right whale
bowhead
rorqual
blue whale
finback
sei whale
lesser rorqual
humpback
grey whale
toothed whale
sperm whale
beaked whale
dolphin
common dolphin
bottlenose dolphin
Atlantic bottlenose dolphin
Pacific bottlenose dolphin
porpoise
grampus
killer whale
pilot whale
river dolphin
narwhal
white whale
sea cow
carnivore
omnivore
pinniped mammal
seal
crabeater seal
eared seal
fur seal
fur seal
sea lion
South American sea lion
California sea lion
Australian sea lion
Steller sea lion
earless seal
harbor seal
harp seal
elephant seal
bearded seal
walrus
aardvark
canine
bitch
dog
pooch
cur
lapdog
toy dog
Chihuahua
Japanese spaniel
Maltese dog
Pekinese
Shih-Tzu
toy spaniel
English toy spaniel
King Charles spaniel
papillon
toy terrier
hunting dog
courser
Rhodesian ridgeback
hound
Afghan hound
basset
beagle
bloodhound
bluetick
coonhound
dachshund
foxhound
harrier
redbone
wolfhound
borzoi
Irish wolfhound
greyhound
Italian greyhound
whippet
Ibizan hound
Norwegian elkhound
otterhound
Saluki
Scottish deerhound
Weimaraner
terrier
bullterrier
Staffordshire bullterrier
American Staffordshire terrier
Bedlington terrier
Border terrier
Kerry blue terrier
Irish terrier
Norfolk terrier
Norwich terrier
Yorkshire terrier
rat terrier
fox terrier
wirehair
Lakeland terrier
Welsh terrier
Airedale
cairn
Australian terrier
Dandie Dinmont
Boston bull
schnauzer
miniature schnauzer
giant schnauzer
standard schnauzer
Scotch terrier
Tibetan terrier
silky terrier
Skye terrier
soft-coated wheaten terrier
West Highland white terrier
Lhasa
sporting dog
bird dog
water dog
retriever
flat-coated retriever
curly-coated retriever
golden retriever
Labrador retriever
Chesapeake Bay retriever
pointer
German short-haired pointer
setter
vizsla
English setter
Irish setter
Gordon setter
spaniel
Brittany spaniel
clumber
springer spaniel
English springer
Welsh springer spaniel
cocker spaniel
Sussex spaniel
water spaniel
working dog
watchdog
kuvasz
housedog
schipperke
shepherd dog
Belgian sheepdog
groenendael
malinois
briard
kelpie
komondor
Old English sheepdog
Shetland sheepdog
collie
Border collie
Bouvier des Flandres
Rottweiler
German shepherd
police dog
pinscher
Doberman
miniature pinscher
Sennenhunde
Greater Swiss Mountain dog
Bernese mountain dog
Appenzeller
EntleBucher
boxer
mastiff
bull mastiff
bulldog
Great Dane
guide dog
Saint Bernard
sled dog
Eskimo dog
malamute
Siberian husky
dalmatian
affenpinscher
basenji
pug
Leonberg
Newfoundland
Great Pyrenees
spitz
Samoyed
Pomeranian
chow
keeshond
griffon
corgi
Pembroke
Cardigan
poodle
toy poodle
miniature poodle
standard poodle
large poodle
Mexican hairless
wolf
timber wolf
white wolf
red wolf
coyote
jackal
wild dog
dingo
dhole
African hunting dog
hyena
striped hyena
brown hyena
spotted hyena
aardwolf
fox
vixen
red fox
red fox
kit fox
kit fox
Arctic fox
grey fox
feline
cat
domestic cat
kitty
mouser
alley cat
stray
tom
tabby
kitten
tabby
tiger cat
tortoiseshell
Persian cat
Angora
Siamese cat
Burmese cat
Egyptian cat
Abyssinian
Manx
wildcat
sand cat
European wildcat
cougar
ocelot
jaguarundi
jungle cat
serval
margay
manul
lynx
common lynx
Canada lynx
bobcat
spotted lynx
caracal
big cat
leopard
snow leopard
jaguar
lion
lioness
tiger
Bengal tiger
tigress
liger
tiglon
cheetah
bear
brown bear
bruin
Syrian bear
grizzly
Alaskan brown bear
American black bear
Asiatic black bear
ice bear
sloth bear
civet
fossa
genet
mongoose
meerkat
slender-tailed meerkat
suricate
bat
fruit bat
carnivorous bat
leafnose bat
vespertilian bat
red bat
brown bat
little brown bat
cave myotis
big brown bat
serotine
pallid bat
pipistrelle
long-eared bat
freetail
vampire bat
predator
prey
big game
fossorial mammal
tetrapod
hexapod
insect
social insect
defoliator
pollinator
collembolan
beetle
tiger beetle
ladybug
two-spotted ladybug
Mexican bean beetle
Hippodamia convergens
vedalia
ground beetle
firefly
long-horned beetle
leaf beetle
flea beetle
Colorado potato beetle
carpet beetle
clerid beetle
dung beetle
June beetle
Japanese beetle
Oriental beetle
rhinoceros beetle
melolonthid beetle
rose chafer
stag beetle
elaterid beetle
wireworm
water beetle
deathwatch beetle
weevil
snout beetle
blister beetle
bark beetle
rove beetle
darkling beetle
mealworm
seed beetle
Asian longhorned beetle
louse
flea
dipterous insect
fly
housefly
tsetse fly
blowfly
bluebottle
greenbottle
flesh fly
tachina fly
gadfly
bee fly
robber fly
fruit fly
louse fly
mosquito
wiggler
gnat
yellow-fever mosquito
Asian tiger mosquito
anopheline
malarial mosquito
common mosquito
Culex quinquefasciatus
gnat
fungus gnat
crane fly
hymenopterous insect
bee
drone
worker
honeybee
Africanized bee
black bee
Italian bee
carpenter bee
bumblebee
andrena
leaf-cutting bee
mason bee
wasp
paper wasp
hornet
giant hornet
common wasp
bald-faced hornet
yellow jacket
mason wasp
potter wasp
velvet ant
sphecoid wasp
gall wasp
chalcid fly
ichneumon fly
ant
pharaoh ant
army ant
carpenter ant
fire ant
wood ant
slave ant
slave-making ant
bulldog ant
termite
orthopterous insect
grasshopper
short-horned grasshopper
long-horned grasshopper
cricket
mole cricket
European house cricket
field cricket
tree cricket
phasmid
cockroach
oriental cockroach
American cockroach
Australian cockroach
German cockroach
giant cockroach
mantis
bug
hemipterous insect
leaf bug
lygaeid
coreid bug
bedbug
true bug
water bug
assassin bug
firebug
cotton stainer
homopterous insect
whitefly
coccid insect
plant louse
aphid
adelgid
jumping plant louse
cicada
spittle insect
leafhopper
plant hopper
psocopterous insect
ephemerid
stonefly
ant lion
doodlebug
lacewing
aphid lion
dobson
alderfly
mantispid
odonate
dragonfly
damselfly
caseworm
thysanuran insect
thysanopter
earwig
lepidopterous insect
butterfly
nymphalid
mourning cloak
tortoiseshell
painted beauty
admiral
red admiral
white admiral
banded purple
red-spotted purple
viceroy
anglewing
ringlet
comma
fritillary
emperor butterfly
peacock
danaid
pierid
small white
large white
southern cabbage butterfly
sulphur butterfly
lycaenid
blue
copper
hairstreak
moth
moth miller
tortricid
lymantriid
tussock caterpillar
geometrid
cankerworm
measuring worm
pyralid
noctuid moth
cutworm
armyworm
beet armyworm
fall armyworm
hawkmoth
tobacco hornworm
tomato hornworm
bombycid
silkworm
emperor
imperial moth
giant silkworm moth
silkworm
luna moth
cecropia
io moth
polyphemus moth
pernyi moth
arctiid
lasiocampid
tent caterpillar
webworm
instar
caterpillar
corn borer
bollworm
cabbageworm
woolly bear
larva
nymph
grub
pupa
imago
queen
brachiopod
echinoderm
starfish
brittle star
basket star
sea urchin
edible sea urchin
sand dollar
crinoid
sea cucumber
lagomorph
rabbit
rabbit ears
lapin
bunny
European rabbit
wood rabbit
hare
European hare
jackrabbit
polar hare
snowshoe hare
Angora
pika
rodent
mouse
rat
pocket rat
house mouse
harvest mouse
field mouse
brown rat
black rat
bandicoot rat
New World mouse
wood mouse
muskrat
wood rat
vole
packrat
meadow vole
water vole
water vole
hamster
Eurasian hamster
golden hamster
gerbil
lemming
porcupine
jumping mouse
jerboa
dormouse
squirrel
tree squirrel
eastern grey squirrel
western grey squirrel
fox squirrel
black squirrel
red squirrel
American red squirrel
chickeree
antelope squirrel
ground squirrel
mantled ground squirrel
suslik
flickertail
rock squirrel
Arctic ground squirrel
prairie dog
eastern chipmunk
chipmunk
American flying squirrel
marmot
groundhog
hoary marmot
yellowbelly marmot
beaver
cavy
guinea pig
aperea
mara
capybara
agouti
coypu
chinchilla
viscacha
abrocome
mole rat
mole rat
Ungulata
ungulate
hyrax
odd-toed ungulate
equine
horse
roan
gee-gee
foal
filly
colt
male horse
stallion
gelding
mare
saddle horse
remount
warhorse
hack
cow pony
quarter horse
Morgan
Tennessee walker
American saddle horse
Appaloosa
Arabian
Lippizan
pony
polo pony
mustang
buckskin
dun
grey
wild horse
cayuse
hack
hack
plow horse
pony
Shetland pony
Welsh pony
Exmoor
racehorse
thoroughbred
steeplechaser
finisher
yearling
harness horse
cob
hackney
workhorse
draft horse
carthorse
Clydesdale
Percheron
farm horse
shire
post horse
coach horse
pacer
trotting horse
chestnut
liver chestnut
bay
sorrel
palomino
pinto
ass
domestic ass
jack
jennet
mule
hinny
wild ass
zebra
common zebra
mountain zebra
grevy's zebra
rhinoceros
Indian rhinoceros
white rhinoceros
black rhinoceros
tapir
even-toed ungulate
swine
hog
piglet
boar
sow
wild boar
babirusa
warthog
peccary
hippopotamus
ruminant
bovid
bovine
ox
cattle
ox
bullock
bull
cow
heifer
bullock
beef
longhorn
Brahman
aurochs
yak
banteng
Santa Gertrudis
Aberdeen Angus
dairy cattle
Ayrshire
Brown Swiss
Charolais
Jersey
Devon
Durham
milking shorthorn
Galloway
Friesian
Guernsey
Hereford
cattalo
Old World buffalo
water buffalo
anoa
Cape buffalo
Asian wild ox
bison
American bison
wisent
musk ox
sheep
ewe
ram
wether
lamb
black sheep
domestic sheep
Cotswold
Hampshire
Lincoln
Cheviot
broadtail
longwool
merino
Rambouillet
wild sheep
argali
urial
Dall sheep
mountain sheep
bighorn
mouflon
aoudad
goat
kid
billy
nanny
domestic goat
wild goat
bezoar goat
markhor
ibex
goat antelope
mountain goat
serow
chamois
takin
antelope
blackbuck
gerenuk
addax
gnu
dik-dik
hartebeest
sassaby
impala
gazelle
Thomson's gazelle
springbok
bongo
kudu
harnessed antelope
mountain nyala
nilgai
sable antelope
saiga
steenbok
eland
waterbuck
oryx
forest goat
pronghorn
deer
fawn
red deer
hart
hind
sambar
wapiti
Japanese deer
Virginia deer
mule deer
elk
fallow deer
roe deer
caribou
woodland caribou
barren ground caribou
muntjac
musk deer
pere david's deer
chevrotain
camel
Arabian camel
Bactrian camel
llama
domestic llama
guanaco
alpaca
vicuna
giraffe
musteline mammal
weasel
mink
polecat
black-footed ferret
otter
river otter
Eurasian otter
sea otter
skunk
badger
ratel
wolverine
glutton
marten
tayra
fictional animal
pachyderm
armadillo
peba
peludo
giant armadillo
sloth
three-toed sloth
two-toed sloth
two-toed sloth
anteater
ant bear
tamandua
pangolin
scapular
tadpole
primate
simian
ape
hominoid
hominid
homo
world
Homo erectus
Homo sapiens
Neandertal man
australopithecine
great ape
orangutan
gorilla
western lowland gorilla
eastern lowland gorilla
mountain gorilla
silverback
chimpanzee
western chimpanzee
eastern chimpanzee
central chimpanzee
pygmy chimpanzee
lesser ape
monkey
Old World monkey
guenon
grivet
vervet
green monkey
patas
baboon
chacma
mandrill
macaque
rhesus
bonnet macaque
Barbary ape
crab-eating macaque
langur
colobus
proboscis monkey
New World monkey
marmoset
pygmy marmoset
tamarin
capuchin
howler monkey
saki
titi
spider monkey
squirrel monkey
woolly monkey
tree shrew
prosimian
lemur
Madagascar cat
slender loris
slow loris
potto
galago
indri
tarsier
elephant
Indian elephant
African elephant
mammoth
mastodon
plantigrade mammal
raccoon
common raccoon
bassarisk
kinkajou
coati
lesser panda
giant panda
fish
game fish
food fish
rough fish
young fish
spawner
barracouta
lungfish
catfish
silurid
bullhead
channel catfish
flathead catfish
cod
whiting
haddock
pollack
hake
cusk
eel
common eel
tuna
moray
conger
teleost fish
clupeid fish
shad
menhaden
herring
sardine
pilchard
anchovy
salmon
blackfish
redfish
Atlantic salmon
sockeye
chinook
coho
trout
brown trout
rainbow trout
lake trout
brook trout
char
whitefish
smelt
tarpon
bonefish
lizardfish
goosefish
toadfish
frogfish
needlefish
halfbeak
saury
spiny-finned fish
lingcod
percoid fish
perch
perch
yellow perch
European perch
pike-perch
robalo
pike
northern pike
muskellunge
pickerel
sunfish
crappie
freshwater bream
pumpkinseed
rock bass
black bass
Kentucky black bass
smallmouth
largemouth
bass
serranid fish
rock sea bass
striped bass
stone bass
grouper
hind
jewfish
surfperch
bigeye
cardinalfish
bluefish
cobia
remora
jack
crevalle jack
rainbow runner
moonfish
amberjack
yellowtail
kingfish
pompano
scad
dolphinfish
characin
tetra
cardinal tetra
piranha
cichlid
snapper
grunt
sparid
sea bream
mulloway
croaker
whiting
sea trout
mullet
mullet
silversides
barracuda
sea chub
spadefish
butterfly fish
chaetodon
angelfish
rock beauty
damselfish
anemone fish
sergeant major
wrasse
parrotfish
jawfish
dragonet
goby
sleeper
flathead
archerfish
surgeonfish
mackerel
common mackerel
Spanish mackerel
chub mackerel
wahoo
Spanish mackerel
king mackerel
cero
tuna
bluefin
yellowfin
bonito
skipjack
bonito
swordfish
sailfish
billfish
marlin
blue marlin
black marlin
striped marlin
white marlin
tripletail
mojarra
bowfin
paddlefish
sturgeon
Pacific sturgeon
beluga
gar
scorpionfish
lionfish
stonefish
rockfish
lumpfish
greenling
flathead
gurnard
flying gurnard
triggerfish
filefish
boxfish
puffer
spiny puffer
ocean sunfish
flatfish
flounder
righteye flounder
halibut
lefteye flounder
sole
abacus
abandoned ship
abattoir
abaya
abbey
abbey
abutment
abutment arch
academic gown
accelerator
accelerator
accelerator
accelerometer
accessory
accommodation
accordion
acetate disk
acoustic device
acoustic guitar
acropolis
acrylic
action
actuator
adapter
adding machine
addressing machine
adhesive bandage
adit
adjustable wrench
adobe
adz
aerator
aerosol
Aertex
afghan
Afro-wig
afterburner
after-shave
agora
aileron
air bag
airbus
air compressor
air conditioner
aircraft
aircraft carrier
aircraft engine
airdock
airfield
air filter
airfoil
airframe
air gun
air horn
airliner
airplane
airplane propeller
air pump
airship
air-to-air missile
aisle
Aladdin's lamp
alarm
alarm clock
alb
alcazar
alidade
A-line
Allen screw
Allen wrench
alpaca
alpenstock
altar
altar
altazimuth
alternator
altimeter
Amati
ambulance
American organ
ammeter
ammunition
amphibian
amphibian
amphitheater
amphitheater
amphora
amplifier
analog clock
analog computer
analog watch
analyzer
anastigmat
anchor
anchor chain
anchor light
andiron
anechoic chamber
anemometer
angle bracket
ankle brace
anklet
answering machine
antenna
anteroom
antiaircraft
antiballistic missile
antifouling paint
antiperspirant
anvil
ao dai
apartment
apartment building
aperture
aperture
apiary
apparatus
apparel
appliance
applicator
appointment
apron
apse
aqualung
aquaplane
aquarium
arabesque
arbor
arcade
arch
architecture
architrave
arch support
arc lamp
area
argyle
armament
armature
armband
armchair
armet
arm guard
armhole
armlet
armoire
armor
armored car
armored personnel carrier
armored vehicle
armor plate
armrest
array
arrester
arrow
artificial horizon
artillery
ashcan
ash-pan
ashtray
assault rifle
assembly
assembly
assembly plant
astrodome
astronomical telescope
athletic sock
athletic supporter
atlas
atom bomb
atomic clock
atomizer
atrium
attachment
attenuator
attic
attire
audio amplifier
audiocassette
audio CD
audiometer
audio system
audiotape
audiotape
auditorium
autoclave
autofocus
autogiro
autoloader
automatic firearm
automatic pistol
automatic rifle
automatic transmission
automation
automaton
automobile engine
automobile factory
automobile horn
autopilot
auxiliary engine
auxiliary storage
aviary
awl
awning
ax
ax handle
axis
axle
baby bed
baby buggy
baby grand
baby powder
baby shoe
back
back
backbench
backboard
backboard
back brace
background
backhoe
backpack
backpacking tent
back porch
backsaw
backseat
backspace key
backstop
backsword
badminton court
badminton equipment
badminton racket
bag
bag
bag
baggage
baggage
baggage car
baggage claim
bagpipe
bailey
Bailey bridge
bait
bakery
balaclava
balalaika
balance
balance beam
balance wheel
balcony
balcony
baldric
bale
ball
ball
balldress
ballet skirt
ball gown
ballistic missile
balloon
balloon sail
ballot box
ballpark
ball-peen hammer
ballpoint
ballroom
ball valve
baluster
banana boat
band
bandage
Band Aid
bandbox
bandsaw
bangle
banjo
banner
bannister
baptismal font
bar
bar
barbecue
barbed wire
barbell
barber chair
barbershop
barbican
bareboat
barge
baritone
bark
barn
barndoor
barometer
barouche
bar printer
barrel
barrel
barrel organ
barrel vault
barrette
barricade
barrier
barroom
barrow
bascule
base
baseball
baseball bat
baseball cap
baseball equipment
baseball glove
basement
basement
basilica
basilisk
basin
basinet
basket
basket
basketball
basketball court
basketball equipment
basket weave
bass
bass drum
bass fiddle
bass guitar
bass horn
bassinet
bassoon
baster
bastion
bastion
bat
bath
bathing cap
bath oil
bathrobe
bathroom
bath salts
bath towel
bathtub
batik
batiste
baton
baton
baton
battery
batting cage
batting glove
batting helmet
battle dress
battlement
battleship
bayonet
bay window
bazaar
bazaar
BB gun
beach house
beach towel
beach wagon
beachwear
beacon
beaker
beaker
beam
beam balance
beanbag
beanie
bearing
bearskin
beater
beating-reed instrument
bedclothes
bed jacket
bedpan
bedpost
bedroom
bedroom furniture
bedsitting room
bedspread
bedspring
bedstead
beefcake
beehive
beeper
beer barrel
beer bottle
beer can
beer garden
beer glass
beer hall
beer mug
belfry
bell
bell arch
bellbottom trousers
bell cote
bell gable
bell jar
bell push
bell tent
bell tower
bellyband
belt
belting
bench
beret
Bermuda shorts
berth
besom
bevel
bevel gear
bib
bib-and-tucker
bicycle
bicycle-built-for-two
bicycle chain
bicycle pump
bicycle rack
bicycle seat
bicycle wheel
bidet
bier
bier
bikini
bikini pants
bilge pump
bill
billboard
billiard ball
billiard room
bin
binder
binder
binding
binnacle
binoculars
binocular microscope
biplane
birchbark canoe
birdbath
birdcage
birdcall
bird feeder
birdhouse
biretta
bistro
bit
bit
black
blackboard
black box
blackface
blackwash
blade
blade
blanket
blast furnace
blender
blind
blindfold
bling
blinker
block
block and tackle
blockhouse
block plane
bloodmobile
bloomers
blouse
blower
blowtorch
blucher
bludgeon
blue
boarding house
boardroom
boat
boater
boat hook
boathouse
boatswain's chair
bobbin
bobsled
bobsled
bocce ball
bodice
body
body armor
body lotion
body stocking
bodywork
boiler
bolero
bollard
bolo
bolo tie
bolt
bolt
bolt
bolt cutter
bomb
bomber
bomber jacket
bomb shelter
bone-ash cup
bones
boneshaker
bongo
bonnet
book
book bag
bookcase
bookend
bookmobile
bookshelf
bookshop
boom
boomerang
booster
booster
boot
bootee
booth
booth
boothose
bootjack
bootleg
bootstrap
bore bit
bosom
bottle
bottle
bottlebrush
bottlecap
bottle opener
bottling plant
bottom
boucle
boudoir
boutique
bow
bow
bow
bow and arrow
bowed stringed instrument
Bowie knife
bowl
bowl
bowler hat
bowling alley
bowling ball
bowling equipment
bowling shoe
bowsprit
bow tie
box
box
box beam
box camera
boxcar
box coat
boxing equipment
box office
box wrench
brace
brace
brace
brace and bit
bracelet
bracer
bracket
brake
brake
brake disk
brake drum
brake pad
brake pedal
brake shoe
brass
brass
brass
brassard
brasserie
brassiere
brass knucks
brazier
breadbasket
bread-bin
bread knife
breakfast area
breakfast table
breakwater
breastplate
breast pocket
breathalyzer
breechblock
breechcloth
breeches
Bren
brewpub
brick
brick trowel
brickwork
bridal gown
bridge
bridle
bridle path
briefcase
briefs
brig
brig
brigantine
brim
bristle brush
broadax
broadcaster
broadcloth
broadcloth
broadloom
broadside
broadsword
brocade
brogan
broiler
broken arch
broom
broomstick
Browning automatic rifle
Browning machine gun
brownstone
brush
Brussels carpet
Brussels lace
bucket
bucket seat
buckle
buckram
buffer
buffer
buffet
buffing wheel
buggy
bugle
building
building complex
bulldog clip
bulldozer
bullet
bulletproof vest
bullet train
bullhorn
bullnose
bullpen
bullring
bulwark
bumboat
bumper
bumper
bumper car
bumper guard
bundle
bungalow
bungee
bunk
bunk bed
bunker
bunker
bunsen burner
bunting
Burberry
burglar alarm
burial chamber
burial mound
burqa
burn bag
burner
burp gun
bus
bushel basket
bush jacket
business suit
buskin
bustier
bustle
butcher knife
butcher shop
butter dish
butterfly valve
butter knife
butt hinge
butt joint
button
buttonhook
buttress
buzzer
BVD
byway
cab
cab
cabana
caber
cabin
cabin
cabin car
cabin class
cabin cruiser
cabinet
cabinet
cabinet
cable
cable
cable car
caddy
cafe
cafeteria
cafeteria tray
caff
caftan
caftan
cage
calcimine
calculator
caldron
caliper
call center
caller ID
calorimeter
camber arch
camel's hair
camera
camera lens
camera tripod
camise
camisole
camouflage
camp
campaign hat
camp chair
camper
camper trailer
camshaft
can
canal boat
candelabrum
candid camera
candle
candlesnuffer
candlestick
candy thermometer
cane
canister
cannikin
cannikin
cannon
cannon
cannon
cannon
cannonball
canoe
can opener
canopic jar
canopy
canopy
canopy
canteen
canteen
canteen
canteen
cantilever bridge
cantle
canvas
canvas tent
cap
cap
cap
capacitor
caparison
cape
capitol
cap opener
capote
cap screw
capsule
captain's chair
car
car
car
carabiner
carafe
carbine
car bomb
carboy
carburetor
cardcase
cardigan
cardiograph
car door
cardroom
cargo area
cargo container
cargo door
cargo liner
cargo ship
car mirror
carousel
carpenter's hammer
carpenter's kit
carpenter's level
carpenter's square
carpetbag
carpet beater
carpet pad
carpet sweeper
carriage
carriage
carrier
carryall
carrycot
car seat
cart
car tire
carton
car train
cartridge
cartridge belt
cartwheel
carving knife
car wheel
caryatid
case
case
case
casein paint
case knife
case knife
casement window
cash bar
cashbox
cash machine
cashmere
casing
casket
casque
Cassegrainian telescope
casserole
cassette
cassette player
cassette recorder
cassette tape
cassock
cast
caster
castle
catalytic converter
catamaran
catapult
catapult
catboat
cat box
catch
catcher's mask
catchment
cathedral
cathedral
catheter
catsup bottle
cattle guard
cautery
cavalier hat
cavalry sword
CD drive
CD player
CD-R
CD-ROM
CD-ROM drive
cedar chest
cell
cell
cellar
cellblock
cello
cenotaph
censer
center
central processing unit
centrifugal pump
centrifuge
ceramic
ceramic ware
cereal bowl
cereal box
chador
chafing dish
chain
chain
chainlink fence
chain mail
chain printer
chain saw
chain store
chair
chair
chair of state
chairlift
chaise longue
chalet
chalice
chalk
chamberpot
chancel
chancellery
chanter
chapel
chapterhouse
chapterhouse
character printer
charger
chassis
chasuble
chateau
chatelaine
checker
checkout
cheekpiece
cheeseboard
cheese cutter
chemical plant
chemical reactor
chemise
chemise
chenille
chessman
chest
chest of drawers
chest protector
cheval glass
chicane
chicken coop
chicken wire
chiffon
chiffonier
child's room
chime
china
china cabinet
Chinese lantern
chinning bar
chino
chino
chin rest
chin strap
chintz
chip
chisel
choir
choir loft
choke
choo-choo
chopine
Christmas stocking
chronograph
chronometer
chronoscope
chuck
chuck wagon
chukka
church
church bell
church hat
church tower
churidars
churn
ciderpress
cigar box
cigar cutter
cigarette case
cigarette holder
cigar lighter
cinema
circle
circlet
circuit
circuitry
circular saw
circus tent
cistern
cistern
cittern
city hall
civilian clothing
clamp
clapperboard
clarinet
clasp
clasp knife
classroom
clavichord
clavier
cleaners
cleaning implement
cleaning pad
clean room
cleat
cleat
cleats
cleaver
clerestory
clevis
cliff dwelling
climbing frame
clinch
clinic
clinker
clinometer
clip
clip-on
clipper
clipper
cloak
cloak
cloakroom
cloche
cloche
clock
clock radio
clock tower
clockwork
clog
cloister
closed circuit
closed-circuit television
closet
closeup lens
cloth cap
cloth covering
clothesbrush
clothes closet
clothes dryer
clotheshorse
clothespin
clothes tree
clothing
clothing store
clove hitch
club car
cluster bomb
clutch
clutch bag
coach
coach house
coal car
coal shovel
coaming
coat
coat button
coat closet
coatdress
coatee
coating
coating
coat of paint
coatrack
coaxial cable
cobweb
cocked hat
cockhorse
cockleshell
cockpit
cockpit
cockscomb
cocktail dress
cocktail shaker
coffee can
coffee cup
coffee filter
coffee maker
coffee mill
coffee mug
coffeepot
coffee table
coffee urn
coffer
coffin
coif
coil
coil spring
colander
cold chisel
cold cream
cold frame
collar
college
collider
colliery
cologne
colonnade
color television
color wash
columbarium
column
column
comb
comb
combination lock
combination plane
combine
comforter
commissary
commodity
communications satellite
communication system
commutator
commuter
compact
compact
compact disk
compact-disk burner
compartment
compartment
compass
compass
compound lens
compound lever
compound microscope
compress
compression bandage
compressor
computer
computer circuit
computer keyboard
computer network
computer screen
computer store
computer system
concert grand
concert hall
concertina
concrete mixer
condenser
condenser
condenser microphone
condominium
condominium
conductor
confectionery
conference center
conference room
conference table
confessional
congress boot
connecting rod
connection
conservatory
conservatory
console
console table
contact
contact
container
container ship
control
control center
control key
control panel
control room
control system
control tower
convector
convenience store
convent
converging lens
converter
convertible
convertible
conveyance
cooker
cookie cutter
cookie jar
cookie sheet
cooking utensil
cookstove
cooler
cooling system
cooling tower
coonskin cap
coping saw
copperware
copyholder
coquille
coracle
corbel
cord
cord
cordage
cords
cork
corker
corkscrew
corner
corner
cornet
cornice
cornice
corselet
corset
cosmetic
costume
costume
costume
costume
cosy
cot
cottage tent
cotter
cotton
cotton flannel
couch
couchette
coude telescope
counter
counter
counter
counterbore
counter tube
country house
country store
coupe
coupling
court
court
court
courthouse
courthouse
coverall
covered bridge
covered couch
covered wagon
covering
coverlet
cowbarn
cowbell
cowboy boot
cowboy hat
cow pen
cradle
craft
crane
crankcase
crankshaft
crash barrier
crash helmet
crate
cravat
crayon
cream
credenza
creel
crematory
crepe
crescent wrench
cretonne
crib
crib
cricket ball
cricket bat
cricket equipment
crinoline
crochet needle
crock
crook
croquet ball
croquet equipment
croquet mallet
cross
crossbar
crossbow
crosscut saw
crossjack
crosspiece
crowbar
crown
crow's nest
crucible
cruet
cruet-stand
cruise control
cruise missile
cruiser
cruiser
cruise ship
crupper
cruse
crusher
crutch
crypt
crystal
cubitiere
cuckoo clock
cudgel
cue
cue ball
cuff
cuirass
cul
culotte
cultivator
cup
cupboard
cupola
cupola
curb roof
curler
curling iron
curtain
customhouse
cutaway
cutlas
cutter
cybercafe
cyclotron
cylinder
cylinder
cylinder lock
cymbal
dacha
dagger
dairy
dais
daisywheel printer
dam
damask
damper
darkroom
dart
dashiki
data converter
data input device
data system
davenport
davenport
davit
daybed
day school
deanery
deck
deck chair
decoder
decoupage
deep-freeze
deerstalker
defense system
defensive structure
defibrillator
deflector
delayed action
delft
delicatessen
delivery truck
delta wing
demijohn
den
denim
densimeter
densitometer
dental appliance
dental floss
denture
deodorant
department store
depilatory
depressor
depth finder
derrick
derringer
desk
desk phone
desktop computer
dessert spoon
destroyer
destroyer escort
detached house
detector
detector
detention home
detonator
device
Dewar flask
dhow
dial
dial telephone
dialyzer
diaper
diaper
diaphragm
diathermy machine
dibble
dice cup
Dictaphone
diesel
diesel-electric locomotive
diesel-hydraulic locomotive
diesel locomotive
digester
digital camera
digital clock
digital computer
digital display
digital subscriber line
digital watch
diner
dinette
dinghy
dining area
dining car
dining-hall
dining room
dining-room furniture
dining-room table
dinner bell
dinner dress
dinner jacket
dinner pail
dinner table
diode
diode
diplomatic building
dipole
dipper
directional microphone
direction finder
dirk
dirndl
disguise
dish
dish
dish rack
dishrag
dishtowel
dishwasher
disk
disk controller
diskette
dispatch case
display
display panel
display window
disposal
distaff
distillery
distributor cap
distributor housing
distributor point
ditch
divan
dive bomber
divider
divining rod
diving suit
Dixie cup
doeskin
dogsled
doll
dollhouse
dolly
dolman
dolman
dolmen
dome
dome
domino
dongle
donkey jacket
door
door
door
doorbell
doorframe
doorlock
dormer
dormer window
dormitory
dormitory
double bed
double boiler
double-breasted jacket
double-breasted suit
double door
double glazing
double-hung window
double knit
double-reed instrument
doublet
dowel
drafting instrument
drafting table
drainage ditch
drainage system
drain basket
drapery
drawbar
drawbridge
drawer
drawers
drawing room
drawing room
drawknife
drawstring bag
dredge
dredger
dredging bucket
dress
dresser
dress hat
dressing case
dressing gown
dressing room
dressing sack
dressing table
dress rack
dress shirt
dress suit
dress uniform
drill
drill press
drinking vessel
dripping pan
drip pot
drive
drive
driver
driveshaft
driving iron
driving wheel
drogue
drogue parachute
drone
drone
drop arch
drop curtain
drop-leaf table
drugstore
drum
drum sander
drumstick
dry battery
dryer
dry fly
dry wall
duffel
duffel bag
duffel coat
dugout
dugout canoe
dulcimer
dumbbell
dumpcart
Dumpster
dump truck
dunce cap
dune buggy
duplex house
duplicator
dust bag
dustcloth
dust cover
dust cover
dustpan
Dutch oven
Dutch oven
dwelling
Eames chair
earflap
early warning system
earmuff
earphone
earplug
earplug
earthenware
earthwork
easel
easy chair
edger
eggbeater
eiderdown
ejection seat
elastic
elastic bandage
Elastoplast
elbow
elbow pad
electric
electrical cable
electrical converter
electrical device
electrical system
electric bell
electric blanket
electric fan
electric furnace
electric guitar
electric lamp
electric locomotive
electric meter
electric mixer
electric motor
electric organ
electric range
electric refrigerator
electric typewriter
electrode
electrograph
electrometer
electronic balance
electronic converter
electronic device
electronic equipment
electronic instrument
electron microscope
electrostatic generator
electrostatic printer
elevator
elevator
elevator shaft
embankment
embellishment
emergency room
empty
enamel
enamel
enamelware
encaustic
enclosure
endoscope
energizer
engine
engine
engineering
English horn
English saddle
enlarger
ensemble
entablature
entrenching tool
envelope
envelope
envelope
epee
equalizer
equatorial
equipment
erasable programmable read-only memory
eraser
Erlenmeyer flask
escapement
escape wheel
escarpment
espadrille
espresso maker
espresso shop
establishment
estaminet
etagere
etamine
etui
euphonium
evaporative cooler
evening bag
exercise bike
exercise device
exhaust
exhaust fan
exhaust valve
exhibition hall
express
extension cord
external-combustion engine
external drive
extractor
eyebrow pencil
eyecup
eyeliner
eyepatch
eyepiece
eyeshadow
fabric
face guard
faceplate
face powder
face veil
facing
facing
facsimile
factory
Fahrenheit thermometer
faience
faille
fairlead
fairy light
falchion
fallboard
false face
family room
fan
fan blade
fancy dress
fanion
fanlight
fanjet
fanjet
farm building
farmer's market
farmhouse
farm machine
farmplace
fastener
fatigues
faucet
fauld
fauteuil
feather boa
fedora
feedback circuit
feedlot
felt
felt-tip pen
felucca
fence
fencing mask
fencing sword
fender
Ferris wheel
ferrule
ferry
festoon
fez
fiber optic cable
fiberscope
fichu
field artillery
field glass
field hockey ball
field house
field lens
field tent
fieldwork
fighter
fighting chair
figure eight
figure skate
filament
file
file folder
file server
filling
film
film advance
filter
filter
finder
finery
finger
fingerboard
finger bowl
finger paint
finger plate
finish coat
fipple
fipple flute
fire alarm
firearm
fire bell
fireboat
firebox
firebrick
fire engine
fire extinguisher
fire iron
fireplace
fire screen
fire tongs
firing chamber
first-aid kit
first base
first class
fishbowl
fisherman's bend
fisherman's knot
fisherman's lure
fishhook
fishing boat
fishing gear
fishing rod
fixer-upper
flag
flagon
flagpole
flamethrower
flange
flannel
flannel
flannelette
flap
flash
flash
flash camera
flashlight
flask
flat arch
flat bench
flatcar
flatlet
flat panel display
flats
flintlock
flip-flop
float
flood
floor
floor
floor cover
floor lamp
florist
floss
flugelhorn
fluorescent lamp
fluoroscope
flute
fly
fly rod
fly tent
flytrap
flywheel
fob
foghorn
foil
fold
folder
folding chair
folding saw
food court
food processor
football helmet
football stadium
footbath
footbridge
footstool
footwear
footwear
force pump
fore-and-aft sail
forecastle
forecourt
fore edge
foremast
fore plane
foresail
fork
forklift
formalwear
fortification
fortress
Foucault pendulum
foulard
foul-weather gear
foundation garment
foundry
fountain
fountain pen
four-in-hand
four-poster
four-wheel drive
four-wheel drive
fragmentation bomb
frail
fraise
frame
frame
framework
franking machine
freewheel
freight car
freight train
French door
French horn
Fresnel lens
fret
friary
friction clutch
frigate
frill
Frisbee
frock coat
front porch
front projector
frying pan
fuel filter
fuel gauge
fuel injection
fuel system
full-dress uniform
full skirt
funnel
fur
fur coat
fur hat
furnace
furnace room
furnishing
furnishing
furniture
fuse
fuselage
fustian
gabardine
gable
gable roof
gaff
gaffsail
gaff topsail
gag
gaiter
gaiter
Galilean telescope
gallery
gallery
galvanometer
gambling house
game
gamebag
game equipment
gaming table
gantry
garage
Garand rifle
garbage
garbage truck
garden
garden tool
garden trowel
garlic press
garment
garment bag
garrison cap
garter
garter belt
garter stitch
gas guzzler
gas burner
gas-discharge tube
gas engine
gas fixture
gas gun
gas heater
gas holder
gasket
gas lamp
gasmask
gas meter
gasoline engine
gasoline gauge
gas oven
gas pump
gas range
gas ring
gas tank
gas thermometer
gas turbine
gas-turbine ship
gat
gate
gatehouse
gatepost
gathered skirt
Gatling gun
gauge
gauntlet
gauntlet
gauze
gazebo
gear
gear
gear
gearset
gearshift
generator
generator
generator
geodesic dome
georgette
gharry
ghetto blaster
gift shop
gift wrapping
gig
gig
gilt
gingham
girandole
girder
girdle
glass
glass cutter
glasses case
Glengarry
glider
glockenspiel
glove
glove compartment
gnomon
goal
goalmouth
goalpost
goblet
goggles
go-kart
golf bag
golf ball
golfcart
golf club
golf equipment
golf glove
golliwog
gondola
gong
gorget
Gothic arch
gouge
gourd
government building
government office
gown
gown
grab bag
grab bar
grace cup
graffito
gramophone
granary
grand piano
grapnel
grass skirt
grate
grate
grater
gravestone
gravy boat
grey
grease-gun
greasepaint
greasy spoon
greatcoat
great hall
greave
greengrocery
greenhouse
grenade
griddle
grinder
grinding wheel
grindstone
gristmill
grocery store
groined vault
groover
grosgrain
ground floor
groundsheet
G-string
guard boat
guard ship
gueridon
Guarnerius
guestroom
guidance system
guided missile
guildhall
guitar
gun
gun carriage
gun case
gunlock
gunnery
gunnysack
gun trigger
gusset
gusset
guy
gymnastic apparatus
gym shoe
gyroscope
habit
hacienda
hacksaw
haft
hairbrush
hairdressing
hairnet
hairpiece
hairpin
hair slide
hair spray
half hitch
half track
hall
hall
hall
hallstand
halter
halter
hammer
hammer
hammer
hammock
hamper
hand
handball
hand blower
hand calculator
handcar
handcart
hand cream
hand drill
hand glass
hand glass
hand-held computer
handkerchief
handlebar
hand lotion
hand luggage
hand-me-down
hand mower
hand pump
handsaw
handset
hand shovel
hand tool
hand towel
hand truck
handwear
handwheel
handwheel
hanger
harbor
hard disc
hard hat
hardtop
hardware
harmonica
harmonium
harness
harness
harp
harp
harvester
hasp
hat
hatbox
hatch
hatchback
hatchet
hatpin
Hawaiian guitar
hawse
hawser
haymaker
hayrack
hazard
head
headboard
head covering
headdress
header
head gasket
headgear
headlight
headpiece
headquarters
headrest
headsail
headscarf
headstall
headstock
health spa
hearing aid
hearing aid
hearse
hearth
hearthrug
heat engine
heater
heat exchanger
heating pad
heat pump
heat sink
heaume
hedge
hedge trimmer
helicon
helicopter
helm
helmet
helmet
hematocrit
hemostat
heraldry
herringbone
herringbone
Herschelian telescope
Hessian boot
heterodyne receiver
hideaway
hi-fi
high-angle gun
highball glass
highboy
highchair
highlighter
high-rise
hijab
hinge
hip boot
hipflask
hip pocket
hippodrome
hip roof
hitch
hitching post
hitchrack
hockey skate
hockey stick
hoe
hoe handle
hogshead
hoist
holder
holster
holster
home appliance
home computer
home plate
home room
homespun
homestead
home theater
honeycomb
hood
hood
hood
hood latch
hook
hook
hook
hookup
hoopskirt
hope chest
hopper
horizontal bar
horizontal stabilizer
horn
horn
horn button
horse
horsebox
horse cart
horse-drawn vehicle
horseless carriage
horseshoe
horseshoe
hose
hospital
hospital room
hospital ship
hostel
hostel
hotel
hotel-casino
hotel-casino
hotel room
hot line
hot pants
hot plate
hot rod
hot tub
hot-water bottle
hour hand
house
house
houseboat
house of cards
house paint
housetop
housing
hovel
hovercraft
hubcap
huck
hula-hoop
hulk
hull
Humvee
hunting knife
hurdle
hurricane lamp
hut
hutch
hydraulic press
hydraulic pump
hydroelectric turbine
hydrofoil
hydrogen bomb
hydrometer
hygrometer
hyperbaric chamber
hypodermic needle
ice ax
iceboat
icebreaker
ice machine
ice maker
ice pack
ice skate
ice tongs
icetray
idle pulley
ignition key
ignition switch
impact printer
impeller
implement
imprint
improvised explosive device
in-basket
incinerator
inclinometer
inclinometer
incubator
Indiaman
indicator
induction coil
inertial guidance system
inhaler
ink bottle
ink-jet printer
inkstand
instep
institution
instrument
instrument of torture
integrated circuit
integrator
interceptor
intercommunication system
interface
interior door
internal-combustion engine
internal drive
ion engine
iPod
iron
iron
iron horse
ironing
irrigation ditch
jabot
jack
jack
jacket
jacket
jack-in-the-box
jack-o'-lantern
jack plane
jail
jamb
jampot
jar
javelin
Jaws of Life
jean
jeep
jellaba
jerkin
jeroboam
jersey
jersey
jet
jet engine
jetliner
jew's harp
jib
jibboom
jig
jig
jigsaw
jinrikisha
jodhpurs
joint
jointer
joist
jorum
joystick
jungle gym
junk
jug
jukebox
jumbojet
jumper
jumper
jumper cable
jump suit
jump suit
junction
junction
junction barrier
junk shop
kachina
Kalashnikov
kameez
kayak
kazoo
keep
keg
kennel
kepi
ketch
kettle
kettle
key
key
keyboard
keyboard instrument
keyhole
khadi
khaki
khakis
khimar
khukuri
kickstand
kid glove
kiln
kilt
kimono
king
kirk
kirpan
kirtle
kirtle
kit
kit
kitchen
kitchen appliance
kitchen table
kitchen utensil
kitchenware
klaxon
klystron
knee brace
knee-high
knee pad
knee piece
knife
knife
knife blade
knit
knitting machine
knitting needle
knitwear
knob
knocker
knot
knuckle joint
koto
kremlin
kris
Kurdistan
kurta
kylix
lab coat
lace
lacquerware
lacrosse ball
ladder-back
ladder-back
ladle
lake dwelling
lamasery
lame
laminate
lamp
lamp
lamppost
lampshade
lancet window
lander
land line
lanolin
lantern
lanyard
lapel
laptop
laryngoscope
laser
lasso
latch
latch
lateen
latex paint
lathe
lattice
launcher
laundry
laundry cart
lawn chair
lawn furniture
lawn mower
layette
lead-acid battery
leaf spring
lean-to
leash
leatherette
leather strip
lecture room
lederhosen
ledger board
leg
leg
legging
leisure wear
lens
lens
lens cap
leotard
letter opener
levee
level
lever
lever
lever lock
Liberty ship
library
library
lid
life buoy
life jacket
life office
life preserver
life-support system
lifting device
light
light bulb
lighter
lighter-than-air craft
lighting
light machine gun
light meter
light microscope
lightning rod
light pen
lightship
limiter
limousine
linear accelerator
linen
line printer
lingerie
lining
link
linkage
linocut
lip-gloss
lipstick
liqueur glass
lisle
litterbin
little theater
living quarters
living room
Loafer
loaner
lobe
lobster pot
local
local area network
lock
lock
lock
lock
lockage
locker
locker room
locket
lock-gate
locomotive
lodge
lodge
lodging house
loft
longbow
long iron
long johns
long sleeve
long trousers
long underwear
lookout
loom
loop knot
lorgnette
lorry
lotion
loudspeaker
lounge
loungewear
love knot
love seat
loving cup
lowboy
L-plate
lug
luge
luggage compartment
lugger
lugsail
lug wrench
lumberjack
lumbermill
lunar excursion module
lunchroom
lungi
lute
luxury liner
lyceum
lychgate
machete
machine
machine
machine gun
machinery
machine screw
machine tool
mackinaw
mackinaw
macrame
madras
magazine rack
magnet
magnetic disk
magnetic needle
magnetic recorder
magnetic stripe
magnetic tape
magnetometer
magnifier
magnum
mailbag
mailbox
mailer
maillot
maillot
mail train
mainframe
mainmast
main rotor
mainsail
majolica
makeup
Maksutov telescope
malacca
mallet
mallet
mandolin
manger
mangle
manhole
manhole cover
man-of-war
manometer
manor
manor hall
manse
mansion
mantel
mantilla
map
maraca
marble
marching order
marimba
marker
marketplace
marquetry
marriage bed
martello tower
martingale
mascara
maser
masher
mashie
mashie niblick
masjid
mask
mask
Mason jar
masonry
mast
mast
mastaba
master bedroom
masterpiece
mat
mat
match
match
matchbook
matchbox
matchstick
materiel
matting
mattress cover
maul
mausoleum
maxi
maypole
maze
measure
measuring instrument
measuring stick
meat counter
meat grinder
meat hook
meat thermometer
mechanical device
mechanical piano
mechanical system
mechanism
medical building
medical instrument
medicine ball
medicine chest
megalith
megaphone
memorial
memory
memory chip
memory device
menagerie
menhir
menorah
Menorah
man's clothing
mercantile establishment
mercury thermometer
mess
mess jacket
mess kit
messuage
metal detector
metal screw
metal wood
meter
metronome
mezzanine
microbalance
microfilm
micrometer
microphone
microprocessor
microscope
microtome
microwave
midiron
mihrab
mihrab
military quarters
military uniform
military vehicle
milk can
milk float
milking machine
mill
miller
millinery
millinery
millstone
millwheel
mimeograph
minaret
mincer
mine
mine detector
mineshaft
minibar
minibike
minibus
minicar
minicomputer
ministry
miniskirt
minivan
mink
mint
minute hand
mirror
missile
miter box
miter joint
mitten
mixer
mixer
mixing bowl
mixing faucet
mizzen
mizzenmast
mobcap
mobile home
moccasin
Model T
modem
module
module
mohair
mold
moleskin
monastery
moneybag
money belt
monitor
monitor
monitor
monkey-wrench
monocle
monoplane
monstrance
mooring tower
Moorish arch
moquette
morgue
morion
morning dress
Morris chair
mortar
mortarboard
mortise joint
mosaic
mosque
mosquito net
motel room
Mother Hubbard
motion-picture camera
motion-picture film
motley
motor
motorboat
motorcycle
motor hotel
motor scooter
motor vehicle
mound
mound
mount
mountain bike
mountain tent
mouse
mouse button
mousetrap
mousse
mouthpiece
mouthpiece
movement
movie projector
moving van
mud brick
muffler
mug
mulch
mule
multichannel recorder
multiengine airplane
multiprocessor
munition
Murphy bed
musical instrument
music box
music hall
music stand
music stool
musket
muslin
mustache cup
muzzle loader
muzzle
nacelle
nail
nailbrush
nail polish
nard
narrowbody aircraft
national monument
navigational system
naval equipment
naval radar
naval weaponry
nave
nebuchadnezzar
neck brace
neckerchief
necklace
necklet
neckpiece
necktie
neckwear
needle
needle
negative
negligee
neon lamp
nest
nest egg
net
net
net
net
network
network
newel post
newspaper
newsroom
Newtonian telescope
niblick
nicad
nightgown
night-light
nightwear
nipple
noisemaker
nonsmoker
non-volatile storage
Norfolk jacket
noria
noseband
nosewheel
notebook
nuclear reactor
nut and bolt
nylon
nylons
oar
oast house
obelisk
object ball
objective
oboe
observatory
ocarina
octant
odometer
oeil de boeuf
office
office building
office furniture
off-line equipment
ohmmeter
oilcan
oilcloth
oil filter
oil heater
oil lamp
oil paint
oil tanker
olive drab
olive drab
omelet pan
onion dome
open-air market
open-end wrench
opener
openside plane
openwork
opera
opera cloak
operating room
operating table
ophthalmoscope
optical device
optical disk
optical instrument
optical telescope
orchestra pit
ordinary
organ
organ loft
organ pipe
organza
O ring
orphanage
oscillograph
oscilloscope
ossuary
otoscope
ottoman
outboard motor
outboard motorboat
outbuilding
outerwear
outfit
outhouse
outrigger
outrigger canoe
outside caliper
outside mirror
oven
oven thermometer
overall
overcoat
overgarment
overhand knot
overhang
overhead projector
overmantel
overnighter
overpass
overshoe
overskirt
oxcart
oxford
oximeter
oxygen mask
pace car
pacemaker
pack
pack
pack
package
package store
packaging
packet
packing box
packinghouse
paddle
paddle
paddle
paddle steamer
paddlewheel
paddock
padlock
page printer
paint
paintball gun
paintbrush
paisley
pajama
pajama
palace
palace
palanquin
palestra
palisade
pallet
pallette
pallium
pallium
pan
pan
panchromatic film
paneling
panhandle
panic button
pannier
panopticon
panpipe
pantheon
pantie
panting
pantry
pantyhose
paper chain
paper clip
paper cutter
paper fastener
paper feed
paper mill
paper towel
parabolic reflector
parachute
parallel bars
parapet
parapet
parasail
parasol
parer
parfait glass
pari-mutuel machine
parka
park bench
parking meter
parlor
parquet
parquetry
parsonage
Parsons table
particle detector
partition
parts bin
passenger car
passenger ship
passenger train
passenger van
passe-partout
passkey
patch
patchcord
patchouli
patch pocket
patchwork
patina
patio
patrol boat
pavilion
pavior
pawn
pawnbroker's shop
pay-phone
pea jacket
peavey
pedal
pedal pusher
pedestal
pedestal table
pediment
pedometer
peeler
peg
peg
pen
penal institution
penalty box
pencil
pencil box
pencil sharpener
pendulum
pendulum clock
pendulum watch
penitentiary
penknife
pennant
penthouse
pentode
peplum
pepper mill
pepper shaker
pepper spray
percale
percolator
percussion instrument
perforation
perfume
perfumery
perfumery
peripheral
permanent press
personal computer
personal digital assistant
personnel carrier
pestle
pestle
Petri dish
pet shop
petticoat
pew
phial
Phillips screw
phonograph record
photocopier
photographic equipment
photographic paper
photometer
photomicrograph
Photostat
physical pendulum
piano
piano action
piano keyboard
pick
pick
pickelhaube
picket fence
pickup
picture frame
picture hat
piece of cloth
pier
pier
pier arch
pier glass
pier table
pieta
piggery
pilaster
pile
pile driver
pill bottle
pillbox
pillion
pillory
pillow block
pillow lace
pilot boat
pilot engine
pilothouse
pilot light
pin
pin
pinata
pinball machine
pince-nez
pincer
ping-pong ball
pinion
pinstripe
pinstripe
pinwheel
pinwheel
pipe cleaner
pipe cutter
pipet
pipe wrench
pique
pirate
pistol
piston
piston ring
pitcher
pitching wedge
pitch pipe
pith hat
pizzeria
place of business
place of worship
placket
planchet
plane
plane
plane seat
planetarium
planetary gear
planking
plant
plastering trowel
plastic bag
plastic wrap
plate
plate
plate
plate rack
platform
platform
platform bed
plating
playback
playpen
playsuit
plaza
plenum
pliers
plotter
plow
plug
plug
plughole
plunger
plush
poacher
pocket
pocket flap
pocketknife
pocket watch
pod
pogo stick
point-and-shoot camera
pointed arch
pointing trowel
point lace
Polaroid camera
pole
pole
police boat
police van
polling booth
polo mallet
polonaise
polo shirt
polyester
polygraph
pommel horse
poncho
pongee
poniard
pontifical
pontoon
pontoon bridge
pony cart
pool ball
poolroom
pool table
poorhouse
pop bottle
popgun
poplin
porcelain
porch
porringer
portable
portable computer
portcullis
porte-cochere
portfolio
porthole
portico
portmanteau
portrait camera
portrait lens
post
postage meter
post and lintel
postern
posthole digger
post horn
pot
pot
potbelly
potentiometer
potpourri
potter's wheel
pottery
pouch
poultice
pound
powder
powder and shot
powder horn
power cord
power drill
power line
power mower
power saw
power shovel
power steering
power tool
prayer rug
prefab
presbytery
press
press
press of sail
pressure cooker
pressure gauge
pressure suit
prie-dieu
primary coil
Primus stove
print
printed circuit
printer
printer
printer cable
priory
prison
privateer
prod
production line
projectile
projector
projector
prompter
prong
propeller
propeller plane
proscenium
proscenium arch
prosthesis
protective garment
protractor
pruning knife
pruning saw
pruning shears
psaltery
public address system
public house
public toilet
public transport
puck
pull
pullback
pull chain
pulley
Pullman
pullover
pump
pump
pump house
punch
punch bowl
punching bag
punch press
punnet
punt
pup tent
purifier
purl
purse
push-bike
push broom
push button
pusher
putter
pylon
pylon
pyrograph
pyrometer
pyx
pyx
pyxis
quad
quadrant
quadraphony
quarterstaff
queen
quill
quilt
quilted bedspread
quipu
quiver
quoit
racer
racing boat
racing gig
rack
rack
racket
racquetball
radar
radial engine
radiator
radiator
radiator cap
radio
radio antenna
radiogram
radio link
radiometer
radio-phonograph
radio receiver
radiotelephone
radio telescope
radiotherapy equipment
radome
raft
rafter
ragbag
raglan
raglan sleeve
rail
rail fence
railhead
railing
railing
raincoat
rain gauge
rain stick
rake
rake handle
RAM disk
ramekin
rammer
ramp
rampart
ramrod
ranch
ranch house
rangefinder
rapier
ratchet
ratline
rattrap
rayon
razor
razorblade
reactor
reading lamp
reading room
read-only memory
readout
ready-to-wear
rearview mirror
rebozo
receiver
receptacle
reception desk
reception room
recess
reciprocating engine
recliner
record changer
recorder
recording
recording system
record player
recovery room
recreational vehicle
recreation room
recycling bin
recycling plant
red carpet
redoubt
reel
reel
refectory table
refinery
reflecting telescope
reflectometer
reflector
reflex camera
reformatory
reformer
refracting telescope
refractometer
refrigeration system
refrigerator
refrigerator car
regalia
regimentals
regulator
rein
relay
religious residence
reliquary
remote control
rendering
repair shop
repeater
repeating firearm
repository
reproducer
rescue equipment
reservoir
residence
resistor
resonator
resonator
resort hotel
respirator
restaurant
rest house
restraint
resuscitator
retainer
reticule
retort
retractor
reverse
reversible
revolver
revolving door
rheometer
rib
ribbed vault
ribbing
ricer
ride
ridge
riding boot
rifle
rig
rigging
rink
riot gun
riser
Ritz
river boat
rivet
riveting machine
roadblock
roadster
roadway
roaster
robe
robotics equipment
rocker
rocker arm
rocket
rocket
rocking chair
rod
rodeo
roll
roller
in-line skate
roller coaster
roller skate
roll film
rolling pin
rolling stock
roll-on
roll-on
roll-on roll-off
Roman arch
Roman building
romper
roof
roof
roofing
room
roomette
room light
roost
rope
rope bridge
rope tow
rose water
rose window
rotary engine
rotating mechanism
rotating shaft
rotisserie
rotisserie
rotor
rotor
rotor blade
rotunda
rotunda
rouge
roulette
roulette ball
roulette wheel
round
round arch
round-bottom flask
roundel
router
rowel
row house
royal
rubber band
rubber boot
rudder
rudder
rug
rugby ball
ruin
rumble
rumble seat
rummer
rumpus room
running shoe
saber
saber saw
sable
sable coat
sabot
sachet
sack
sack
sack coat
sacking
saddle
saddlebag
saddle blanket
saddle seat
safe
safe-deposit
safe house
safety arch
safety belt
safety bicycle
safety pin
safety razor
safety valve
sail
sail
sailboat
sailcloth
sailing vessel
sailor cap
salad bar
salad bowl
sallet
salon
saltbox
saltcellar
saltshaker
salver
salwar
samisen
samovar
sandal
sandbag
sandblaster
sandglass
sand wedge
sandwich board
sanitary napkin
sarcophagus
sari
sarong
sash
sash fastener
sash window
satchel
sateen
satellite
satellite receiver
satellite television
satin
saucepan
saucepot
savings bank
saw
sawhorse
sawmill
sax
saxhorn
scabbard
scaffolding
scale
scale
scanner
scarf
scarf joint
scatter rug
Schmidt telescope
school
schoolbag
school bell
school bus
school ship
school system
schooner
scientific instrument
scissors
sclerometer
sconce
sconce
scoop
scooter
scoreboard
scow
scraper
scratcher
screen
screen
screen
screen door
screening
screw
screw
screw
screwdriver
screwtop
screw wrench
scrub brush
scull
scullery
sculpture
scuttle
scythe
seabag
sea boat
sea chest
sealing wax
seam
seaplane
searchlight
seat
seat
seat
secondary coil
second base
second hand
secretary
sectional
security blanket
security system
security system
sedan
seeder
seeker
Segway
seismograph
selector
self-propelled vehicle
semaphore
semiautomatic firearm
semiautomatic pistol
semiconductor device
semi-detached house
semigloss
sentry box
separate
septic tank
sequence
sequencer
server
server
service club
serving cart
serving dish
set gun
setscrew
settee
settle
settlement house
Seven Wonders of the Ancient World
sewage disposal plant
sewing kit
sewing machine
sewing needle
sewing room
sextant
shackle
shackle
shade
shadow box
shaft
shag rug
shaker
shank
shantung
shaper
shaping tool
sharkskin
sharpener
Sharpie
shaver
shaving brush
shaving cream
shaving foam
shawl
shears
sheath
sheathing
shed
sheepskin coat
sheepwalk
sheeting
shelf
shelf bracket
shell
shell
shell
shelter
shelter
shelter
Sheraton
shield
shield
shift key
shin guard
ship
shipboard system
shipping
shipwreck
shirt
shirt button
shirtdress
shirting
shirtsleeve
shirttail
shiv
shoe
shoe
shoebox
shoehorn
shoe shop
shoetree
shofar
shop
shopping bag
shopping basket
shopping cart
short circuit
short pants
short sleeve
shot glass
shotgun
shot tower
shoulder
shoulder bag
shouldered arch
shoulder pad
shoulder patch
shovel
shovel
showboat
shower
shower cap
shower curtain
shower room
shower stall
shredder
shrimper
shrine
shunter
shutter
shutter
shuttle
sickle
sickroom
sideboard
sidecar
sidesaddle
sieve
sights
signal box
signboard
silencer
Silex
silk
silks
silo
simulator
single bed
single-breasted jacket
single-breasted suit
single-reed instrument
singlestick
singlet
siren
sister ship
sitar
sitz bath
skate
skateboard
skeleton
skep
skewer
ski binding
skibob
ski boot
ski cap
skidder
skiff
ski lodge
ski mask
skimmer
ski-plane
ski pole
skirt
skirt
ski tow
Skivvies
skullcap
skylight
skyscraper
slacks
slack suit
slat
slate roof
sled
sleeping bag
sleeping car
sleeve
sleeve
sleigh bed
sleigh bell
slicer
slide
slide fastener
slide projector
sliding door
sliding window
sling
slingback
slinger ring
slipcover
slipknot
slip-on
slipper
slip ring
slit lamp
sloop
slop basin
slot
slot machine
smack
small boat
smart bomb
smelling bottle
smokehouse
smoker
smoke screen
smoothbore
smooth plane
snack bar
snap
snap brim
snap-brim hat
snare
snare drum
snifter
sniper rifle
snips
snood
snorkel
snorkel
snowbank
snowboard
snowmobile
snowplow
snowshoe
snowsuit
snow thrower
snuffbox
snuffer
soapbox
soap dispenser
soccer ball
sock
socket
soda can
soda fountain
sod house
sodium-vapor lamp
sofa
softball
soft pedal
solar array
solar dish
solar heater
solar house
solar telescope
solar thermal system
soldering iron
solenoid
sombrero
sorter
souk
sounder
soup bowl
soup ladle
soupspoon
source of illumination
sou'wester
space bar
space capsule
spacecraft
space heater
space helmet
space rocket
space shuttle
space station
spade
spade bit
spandex
spandrel
spanker
spar
spark arrester
spark arrester
spark plug
spat
spatula
speakerphone
spear
spear
specialty store
spectacles
spectroscope
speculum
speedboat
speedometer
speed skate
sphygmomanometer
spice rack
spike
spindle
spindle
spin dryer
spinning machine
spinning rod
spiral spring
spirit stove
spirometer
spittoon
splashboard
splice
splicer
splint
split rail
Spode
spoiler
spoiler
spoke
spokeshave
sponge cloth
spoon
spoon
Spork
sporran
sports car
sports equipment
sports implement
sportswear
sport utility
spot
spotlight
spray gun
spray paint
spring
spring balance
springboard
sprinkler
sprinkler system
sprit
spritsail
sprocket
spur gear
sputnik
spy satellite
square
square knot
square-rigger
square sail
squash ball
squash racket
squawk box
squeegee
squeezer
squelch circuit
squinch
stabilizer
stabilizer bar
stable
stable gear
stabling
stacks
stadium
stage
stained-glass window
stair-carpet
stair-rod
stall
stamp mill
stamping machine
stanchion
stand
standard transmission
Stanley Steamer
staple
staple gun
stapler
starship
starter
starting gate
Statehouse
stately home
station
stator
stay
staysail
steakhouse
steak knife
stealth aircraft
stealth bomber
stealth fighter
steam bath
steamer
steamer
steam iron
steam locomotive
steamroller
steam shovel
steam turbine
steel
steel arch bridge
steel drum
steel mill
steelyard
steeple
steering system
stele
Sten gun
stenograph
step
step stool
stereo
stereoscope
stethoscope
stewing pan
stick
stick
stick
stick
stile
stiletto
still
stilt
stirrer
stirrup
stob
stock
stockade
stock car
stockinet
stocking
stockpot
stockroom
stocks
stock saddle
stole
stone wall
stoneware
stonework
stool
stoop
stopcock
stopper knot
stopwatch
storage battery
storage space
storeroom
storm door
storm window
stoup
stove
stove
Stradavarius
straight chair
straightener
straight razor
strainer
straitjacket
strap
strap hinge
strapless
streamer fly
streetcar
street clothes
streetlight
stretcher
stretch pants
stringed instrument
strip lighting
stroboscope
strongbox
stronghold
strongroom
structural member
structure
studio apartment
studio couch
study
study hall
stump
stun gun
sty
stylus
stylus
subcompact
submachine gun
submersible
submersible
subway train
subwoofer
suction cup
suction pump
suede cloth
sugar bowl
sugar spoon
suit
suiting
sulky
summer house
sunbonnet
sundial
sundress
sun gear
sunglasses
sunhat
sun parlor
sunroof
sunscreen
sunsuit
supercharger
superhighway
supermarket
superstructure
supplejack
supply chamber
support
support column
support hose
supporting structure
supporting tower
surcoat
surface lift
surface ship
surface-to-air missile
surfboat
surcoat
surgery
surgical dressing
surgical instrument
surgical knife
surplice
surrey
surveying instrument
surveyor's level
sushi bar
suspension
suspension bridge
sustaining pedal
swab
swab
swaddling clothes
swallow-tailed coat
swan's down
swathe
swatter
sweat bag
sweatband
sweater
sweat pants
sweatshop
sweat suit
sweep
swimming trunks
swimsuit
swing
switch
switchblade
switch engine
swivel chair
swizzle stick
sword
sword cane
synagogue
synchromesh
synchronous motor
synthesizer
syringe
system
tabard
tabi
tab key
table
table
table knife
table lamp
tablespoon
table-tennis table
tableware
taboret
tachometer
tack
tack hammer
taffeta
tailgate
taillight
tailor-made
tail rotor
tailstock
talaria
tam
tambour
tambour
tambourine
tammy
tamp
tampon
tandoor
tank
tank
tankard
tank car
tank destroyer
tank engine
tank top
tannoy
tap
tapa
tape
tape
tape deck
tape drive
tape player
tape recorder
tapestry
tappet
tap wrench
target
tartan
tattoo
tavern
taximeter
tea bag
tea ball
tea chest
teaching aid
teacup
tea gown
tea maker
teapot
teashop
teaspoon
tea-strainer
tea table
tea tray
tea urn
teddy
tee
tee hinge
telecom hotel
telecommunication system
telegraph
telegraph key
telephone
telephone booth
telephone line
telephone pole
telephone receiver
telephone system
telephone wire
telephoto lens
telescope
teletypewriter
television antenna
television equipment
television receiver
television room
temple
temple
temporary hookup
tender
tender
tennis ball
tennis racket
tenon
tenor drum
tent
tent-fly
tent peg
tepee
terminal
terminal
terraced house
terra cotta
terrarium
terra sigillata
terry
test equipment
test rocket
test room
testudo
tetrode
textile machine
textile mill
thatch
theater
theater curtain
theodolite
theremin
thermal printer
thermocouple
thermometer
thermos
thermostat
thimble
thinning shears
third base
third gear
thong
thong
three-piece suit
thresher
thriftshop
throat protector
thumb
thumbscrew
thumbtack
tiara
ticking
tie
tie
tie rack
tie rod
tights
tile cutter
tile roof
tilter
timber
timber
time capsule
timepiece
timer
timer
time-switch
tin
tire chain
tithe barn
titrator
toaster
toaster oven
toastrack
tobacco pouch
tobacco shop
toboggan
toby
toecap
toga
toggle
toggle switch
togs
toilet
toilet bag
toilet bowl
toilet powder
toiletry
toilet seat
toilet water
token
tollbooth
toll bridge
tollgate
tomahawk
Tommy gun
tomograph
tone arm
toner
tongs
tongue
tonometer
tool
tool bag
toolbox
toolshed
tooth
tooth
toothbrush
toothpick
top
top
topgallant
topiary
topmast
topper
topsail
torch
torpedo
torpedo
torpedo
torpedo boat
torque converter
torque wrench
torture chamber
totem pole
toupee
touring car
towel
toweling
towel rack
towel rail
tower
town hall
towpath
tow truck
toy
toy box
toyshop
track
trackball
tracked vehicle
tract house
traction engine
tractor
tractor
trail bike
trailer
trailer
trailer truck
train
trampoline
tramway
transept
transformer
transistor
transit instrument
transmission shaft
transmitter
transom
transporter
transport ship
trap
trap door
travel iron
tray
tread
tread
treadmill
treadmill
treasure chest
treasure ship
trench coat
trench knife
trestle bridge
trestle table
triangle
tricot
tricycle
trigger
trimaran
trimmer
triode
tripod
triptych
triskelion
triumphal arch
troll
trolleybus
trombone
troop carrier
troopship
trough
trouser
trouser press
trouser
trousseau
trowel
truck
truncheon
trundle bed
trunk
truss
truss bridge
try square
T-square
tub
tube
tuck box
Tudor arch
tudung
tugboat
tulle
tumble-dryer
tumbler
tun
tunic
tuning fork
turban
turbine
turbogenerator
turnbuckle
turner
turnstile
turntable
turntable
turret
turret clock
turtleneck
tweed
tweeter
twenty-two
twin bed
twinjet
twist bit
two-man tent
two-piece
typesetting machine
typewriter
typewriter keyboard
uke
ultracentrifuge
ultramicroscope
ultraviolet lamp
umbrella
umbrella tent
undercarriage
undergarment
underpants
underwear
undies
unicycle
uniform
universal joint
university
upholstery
upholstery material
upright
upstairs
urn
used-car
utensil
Uzi
vacation home
vacuum
vacuum flask
vacuum gauge
valve
van
vaporizer
variometer
varnish
vase
vault
vaulting horse
vehicle
velocipede
velour
velvet
velveteen
vending machine
veneer
Venetian blind
ventilation shaft
ventilator
veranda
vernier caliper
vertical tail
Very pistol
vessel
vessel
vest
vestment
vest pocket
vestry
viaduct
vibraphone
vibrator
vibrator
vicuna
videocassette
videocassette recorder
videodisk
video recording
videotape
videotape
vigil light
villa
villa
villa
viol
viola
viola da braccio
viola da gamba
viola d'amore
violin
viscometer
vise
visual display unit
vivarium
Viyella
voile
volleyball
voltmeter
voting booth
voting machine
wading pool
waffle iron
wagon
wagon
wagon tire
wagon wheel
wainscot
wainscoting
waist pack
walker
walker
walker
walk-in
walking shoe
walking stick
Walkman
walk-up apartment
wall
wall
wall clock
wallet
wall tent
wall unit
wand
ward
wardrobe
warehouse
warplane
war room
warship
wash-and-wear
washbasin
washboard
washboard
washer
washer
washroom
washstand
wastepaper basket
watch
watch cap
watch case
watchtower
water bed
water bottle
water closet
water cooler
water faucet
water filter
water gauge
water glass
water heater
watering can
water jug
water jump
water meter
water mill
waterproof
water scooter
water tower
water wagon
waterwheel
waterwheel
water wings
waterworks
wattmeter
weapon
weaponry
weapons carrier
weathervane
web
web
webbing
wedge
wedge
weekender
weighbridge
weight
weir
weld
welder's mask
well
wet bar
wet fly
wet suit
whaler
wheel
wheel and axle
wheelchair
wheeled vehicle
wheelwork
wherry
whetstone
whip
whipcord
whisk
whiskey bottle
whiskey jug
whispering gallery
whistle
whistle
white
white goods
whitewash
whorehouse
wick
wicker
wicker basket
wicket
wicket
wickiup
wide-angle lens
widebody aircraft
Wiffle
wig
wigwam
Wilton
wimple
winch
Winchester
winder
wind instrument
windjammer
windmill
windmill
window
window
window blind
window box
window frame
window screen
window seat
window shade
windshield
windshield wiper
Windsor tie
wind turbine
wine bar
wine bottle
wine bucket
wine cask
wineglass
winepress
wing
wing tip
wiper
wiper motor
wire
wire
wire cloth
wire cutter
wire matrix printer
wire stripper
wiring
wok
woman's clothing
wood
wood chisel
woodenware
wooden spoon
woodscrew
woodshed
woodwind
woof
woofer
wool
workbasket
workbench
work-clothing
workpiece
workroom
works
work-shirt
workstation
worktable
worm gear
worsted
worsted
wraparound
wrapping
wreck
wrench
wringer
wrist pin
wristwatch
writing desk
writing desk
writing implement
Xerox
X-ray film
X-ray machine
yacht
yagi
yard
yard
yarmulke
yataghan
yawl
yawl
yoke
yurt
Zamboni
zither
zoot suit
grain
marbleization
polish
chromatic color
black
gray
ash grey
charcoal
sanguine
Turkey red
crimson
dark red
orange
yellow
gamboge
pale yellow
green
greenishness
sea green
sage green
bottle green
emerald
olive green
jade green
blue
azure
steel blue
greenish blue
purplish blue
purple
lavender
reddish purple
pink
carnation
rose
chestnut
chocolate
light brown
reddish brown
brick red
Indian red
olive
ultramarine
complexion
skin
skin graft
macule
bouffant
pageboy
pompadour
thatch
soup-strainer
mustachio
walrus mustache
milk
myeloblast
leukocyte
lymphocyte
neutrophil
prepuce
cuticle
hangnail
exoskeleton
vehicle
paper
press
print media
storage medium
Fleet Street
photojournalism
newspaper
daily
gazette
school newspaper
tabloid
yellow journalism
telecommunication
telephone
voice mail
call
call-back
collect call
call forwarding
call-in
call waiting
local call
long distance
telegraphy
wireless
broadcasting
radio
television
cable television
high-definition television
reception
web site
album
magazine
colour supplement
comic book
news magazine
pulp
slick
trade magazine
movie
swastika
three-day event
comfort food
comestible
course
dainty
dish
fast food
finger food
kosher
fare
diet
diet
dietary
balanced diet
bland diet
diabetic diet
dietary supplement
high-protein diet
high-vitamin diet
liquid diet
low-fat diet
reducing diet
soft diet
vegetarianism
menu
chow
board
ration
foodstuff
tomato concentrate
meal
kibble
matzo meal
oatmeal
pea flour
roughage
flour
corn gluten feed
nutriment
commissariat
canned food
square meal
meal
potluck
refection
refreshment
breakfast
continental breakfast
brunch
lunch
tea
dinner
supper
buffet
picnic
bite
nosh
coffee break
banquet
entree
piece de resistance
adobo
side dish
special
casserole
antipasto
appetizer
canape
cocktail
fruit cocktail
shrimp cocktail
hors d'oeuvre
relish
dip
cheese dip
guacamole
soup
alphabet soup
consomme
bisque
borsch
broth
broth
chicken soup
gazpacho
gumbo
marmite
mock turtle soup
mulligatawny
oxtail soup
pea soup
pepper pot
petite marmite
potage
pottage
eggdrop soup
chowder
corn chowder
clam chowder
fish chowder
won ton
split-pea soup
green pea soup
lentil soup
Scotch broth
vichyssoise
stew
bigos
Brunswick stew
olla podrida
goulash
hotchpotch
hot pot
Irish stew
fish stew
paella
fricassee
beef stew
ragout
ratatouille
pot-au-feu
viand
ready-mix
choice morsel
sweet
confectionery
confiture
sweetmeat
candy
candy bar
carob bar
hardbake
hard candy
bonbon
brittle
chewing gum
gum ball
bubble gum
butterscotch
candied fruit
candied apple
candy cane
candy corn
caramel
comfit
cotton candy
dragee
fondant
fudge
chocolate fudge
penuche
gumdrop
honey crisp
mint
horehound
jelly bean
kiss
chocolate kiss
Life Saver
lollipop
lozenge
marshmallow
marzipan
nougat
nougat bar
nut bar
peanut bar
popcorn ball
praline
rock candy
sugar candy
taffy
truffle
Turkish Delight
dessert
baked Alaska
compote
dumpling
flan
frozen dessert
mousse
mousse
pavlova
whip
pudding
pudding
syllabub
tiramisu
jello
ice
ice cream
ice-cream cone
chocolate ice cream
peach ice cream
sherbert
strawberry ice cream
tutti-frutti
vanilla ice cream
ice lolly
ice milk
frozen yogurt
parfait
ice-cream sundae
split
frozen custard
pudding
plum pudding
steamed pudding
duff
vanilla pudding
chocolate pudding
brown Betty
custard
creme caramel
creme anglais
creme brulee
fruit custard
tapioca pudding
roly-poly
suet pudding
Bavarian cream
maraschino
nonpareil
zabaglione
garnish
pastry
turnover
apple turnover
knish
pirogi
samosa
timbale
ice-cream cake
fish stick
conserve
apple butter
jam
lemon curd
jelly
marmalade
gelatin
gelatin dessert
buffalo wing
barbecued wing
mince
puree
barbecue
biryani
saute
patty
veal parmesan
veal cordon bleu
margarine
mincemeat
stuffing
bread
anadama bread
bap
breadstick
brown bread
bun
tea bread
challah
cinnamon bread
cracked-wheat bread
cracker
crouton
dark bread
English muffin
flatbread
garlic bread
gluten bread
bannock
chapatti
pita
loaf of bread
French loaf
matzo
nan
raisin bread
quick bread
banana bread
date bread
nut bread
oatcake
Irish soda bread
skillet bread
rye bread
black bread
Jewish rye bread
limpa
Swedish rye bread
salt-rising bread
simnel
sour bread
toast
wafer
white bread
French bread
Italian bread
cornbread
skillet corn bread
cornpone
hush puppy
johnnycake
spoon bread
frankfurter bun
hamburger bun
muffin
bran muffin
corn muffin
Yorkshire pudding
popover
scone
cross bun
brioche
crescent roll
hard roll
soft roll
kaiser roll
Parker House roll
onion roll
sweet roll
cinnamon roll
honey bun
pinwheel roll
danish
bagel
biscuit
rolled biscuit
baking-powder biscuit
buttermilk biscuit
hardtack
saltine
soda cracker
water biscuit
graham cracker
pretzel
sandwich
sandwich plate
butty
ham sandwich
chicken sandwich
club sandwich
open-face sandwich
hamburger
tunaburger
hotdog
Sloppy Joe
bomber
gyro
bacon-lettuce-tomato sandwich
Reuben
western
wrap
spaghetti
gruel
edible fruit
vegetable
julienne
raw vegetable
crudites
legume
pulse
potherb
greens
root vegetable
potato
baked potato
french fries
home fries
mashed potato
yam
sweet potato
snack food
chip
corn chip
eggplant
pieplant
cruciferous vegetable
mustard
cabbage
kale
Chinese cabbage
bok choy
head cabbage
broccoli
cauliflower
brussels sprouts
broccoli rabe
squash
summer squash
yellow squash
zucchini
marrow
pattypan squash
spaghetti squash
winter squash
acorn squash
butternut squash
turban squash
cucumber
artichoke
artichoke heart
Jerusalem artichoke
asparagus
bamboo shoot
sprout
beet
beet green
chard
pepper
sweet pepper
bell pepper
green pepper
pimento
hot pepper
chili
jalapeno
cayenne
tabasco
onion
green onion
Vidalia onion
Spanish onion
leek
shallot
salad green
lettuce
butterhead lettuce
crisphead lettuce
cos
leaf lettuce
bean
lentil
pea
green pea
snow pea
sugar snap pea
chickpea
black-eyed pea
common bean
kidney bean
navy bean
pinto bean
frijole
black bean
fresh bean
flageolet
green bean
snap bean
string bean
Kentucky wonder
scarlet runner
haricot vert
wax bean
shell bean
soy
cardoon
carrot
celery
celeriac
chicory
coffee substitute
chicory escarole
corn
sweet corn
hominy
popcorn
cress
dandelion green
gumbo
kohlrabi
lamb's-quarter
wild spinach
tomato
beefsteak tomato
cherry tomato
tomatillo
mushroom
stuffed mushroom
salsify
parsnip
pumpkin
radish
turnip
turnip greens
sorrel
spinach
taro
edible nut
peanut
freestone
cling
windfall
apple
crab apple
eating apple
Cortland
Delicious
Golden Delicious
Red Delicious
Empire
Jonathan
McIntosh
Northern Spy
Pearmain
Pippin
Stayman
Winesap
cooking apple
Granny Smith
berry
bilberry
huckleberry
blueberry
wintergreen
cranberry
lingonberry
currant
gooseberry
black currant
red currant
blackberry
boysenberry
loganberry
raspberry
saskatoon
strawberry
persimmon
acerola
carambola
ceriman
citrus
orange
mandarin
clementine
satsuma
tangerine
tangelo
bitter orange
sweet orange
navel orange
Valencia orange
kumquat
lemon
lime
grapefruit
pomelo
citron
almond
apricot
peach
nectarine
pitahaya
plum
dried fruit
dried apricot
raisin
fig
pineapple
anchovy pear
banana
passion fruit
breadfruit
jackfruit
cocoa
melon
muskmelon
cantaloup
winter melon
net melon
watermelon
cherry
sweet cherry
sour cherry
grape
muscadine
slipskin grape
vinifera grape
custard apple
cherimoya
soursop
sweetsop
papaw
papaya
ackee
durian
feijoa
kiwi
loquat
mangosteen
mango
sapodilla
sapote
tamarind
avocado
date
elderberry
guava
hog plum
jaboticaba
jujube
litchi
mamey
marang
medlar
medlar
mulberry
olive
pear
bosc
anjou
bartlett
seckel
plantain
pomegranate
prickly pear
quince
rambutan
rose apple
edible seed
pumpkin seed
walnut
brazil nut
butternut
cashew
chestnut
hazelnut
coconut
cola extract
macadamia nut
pecan
pine nut
pistachio
sunflower seed
fodder
eatage
silage
oil cake
alfalfa
broad bean
hay
grain
groats
millet
barley
buckwheat
wheat
rice
brown rice
white rice
wild rice
paddy
mash
bird feed
petfood
salad
tossed salad
green salad
Caesar salad
salmagundi
salad nicoise
combination salad
potato salad
pasta salad
fruit salad
herring salad
chicken salad
coleslaw
tabbouleh
ingredient
flavorer
condiment
herb
fines herbes
spice
spearmint oil
lemon oil
wintergreen oil
salt
cinnamon
clove
cumin
fennel
ginger
mace
nutmeg
pepper
sassafras
basil
bay leaf
borage
hyssop
chervil
chives
comfrey
coriander
fennel
fennel
fennel seed
fenugreek
garlic
garlic chive
lemon balm
lovage
marjoram
mint
mustard
Chinese mustard
nasturtium
parsley
rosemary
rue
sage
savory
sweet woodruff
sweet cicely
tarragon
thyme
turmeric
catsup
cardamom
cayenne
chili powder
chili sauce
chutney
steak sauce
salsa
cranberry sauce
curry
paprika
pickle
applesauce
soy sauce
tomato paste
angelica
angelica
anise
Chinese anise
juniper berries
saffron
sesame seed
caraway seed
poppy seed
dill
monosodium glutamate
vanilla bean
vinegar
sauce
hot sauce
bolognese pasta sauce
carbonara
tomato sauce
wine sauce
marchand de vin
plum sauce
pesto
ravigote
dressing
bleu cheese dressing
anchovy dressing
mayonnaise
Russian dressing
barbecue sauce
hollandaise
bordelaise
bourguignon
chocolate sauce
white sauce
demiglace
gravy
gravy
spaghetti sauce
marinara
mole
hunter's sauce
mushroom sauce
roux
Soubise
Lyonnaise sauce
veloute
caper sauce
curry sauce
Worcester sauce
egg
egg white
egg yolk
boiled egg
Easter egg
chocolate egg
candy egg
poached egg
scrambled eggs
deviled egg
shirred egg
omelet
firm omelet
fluffy omelet
souffle
fried egg
dairy product
milk
milk
pasteurized milk
raw milk
homogenized milk
powdered milk
evaporated milk
condensed milk
skim milk
semi-skimmed milk
whole milk
low-fat milk
buttermilk
cream
clotted cream
double creme
heavy cream
light cream
sour cream
whipping cream
butter
yogurt
blueberry yogurt
whey
curd
curd
cheese
cream cheese
triple cream
cottage cheese
process cheese
bleu
Brie
Camembert
cheddar
double Gloucester
Edam
goat cheese
Gouda
grated cheese
Limburger
mozzarella
Muenster
Parmesan
quark cheese
ricotta
Swiss cheese
Velveeta
peanut butter
shrimp butter
lobster butter
spread
miso
wasabi
hummus
pate
tahini
honey
saccharin
sugar
syrup
sugar syrup
sorghum
grenadine
maple syrup
batter
dough
bread dough
coq au vin
chicken and rice
moo goo gai pan
bacon and eggs
barbecued spareribs
beef Bourguignonne
beef Wellington
pasta
cannelloni
chicken Marengo
chicken cordon bleu
chicken paprika
Tetrazzini
chicken Kiev
chili
chop suey
chow mein
croquette
cottage pie
rissole
dolmas
egg foo yong
egg roll
eggs Benedict
enchilada
falafel
fish and chips
fondue
cheese fondue
chocolate fondue
fondue
French toast
fried rice
frittata
frog legs
galantine
gefilte fish
ham and eggs
hash
jambalaya
kabob
kedgeree
lasagna
seafood Newburg
lobster thermidor
lutefisk
macaroni and cheese
meatball
meat loaf
moussaka
osso buco
marrow
pheasant under glass
pigs in blankets
pilaf
pizza
sausage pizza
pepperoni pizza
cheese pizza
anchovy pizza
Sicilian pizza
porridge
oatmeal
potpie
risotto
roulade
Salisbury steak
sauerbraten
sauerkraut
scallopine
scampi
Scotch egg
scrapple
spaghetti and meatballs
Spanish rice
steak tartare
pepper steak
steak au poivre
stuffed cabbage
stuffed peppers
stuffed tomato
stuffed tomato
succotash
sukiyaki
sashimi
sushi
Swiss steak
tamale
tempura
teriyaki
terrine
Welsh rarebit
schnitzel
taco
burrito
tostada
beverage
wish-wash
concoction
filling
potion
elixir
alcohol
proof spirit
home brew
hooch
aperitif
brew
beer
draft beer
suds
Munich beer
bock
lager
light beer
Pilsner
shebeen
Weissbier
malt
malt
ale
bitter
Burton
pale ale
porter
stout
kvass
mead
hydromel
near beer
ginger beer
sake
wine
vintage
red wine
white wine
blush wine
sparkling wine
Burgundy
Beaujolais
Medoc
Canary wine
Chablis
Montrachet
Chardonnay
Pinot noir
Pinot blanc
Bordeaux
claret
Chianti
Cabernet
Merlot
Sauvignon blanc
California wine
Cotes de Provence
dessert wine
Dubonnet
macon
Moselle
Muscadet
plonk
retsina
Rhine wine
Rhone wine
Rioja
sack
Soave
zinfandel
Sauterne
table wine
Tokay
vermouth
sweet vermouth
dry vermouth
Chenin blanc
Verdicchio
Vouvray
Yquem
generic
varietal
fortified wine
Madeira
port
sherry
Marsala
muscat
liquor
neutral spirits
aqua vitae
eau de vie
aquavit
arrack
bitters
brandy
applejack
Calvados
Armagnac
Cognac
grappa
kirsch
slivovitz
gin
sloe gin
geneva
grog
ouzo
rum
demerara
Jamaica rum
schnapps
pulque
tequila
vodka
whiskey
blended whiskey
bourbon
corn whiskey
firewater
Irish
rye
Scotch
sour mash
liqueur
absinth
amaretto
anisette
benedictine
Chartreuse
coffee liqueur
creme de menthe
creme de fraise
Drambuie
Galliano
orange liqueur
kummel
maraschino
pastis
Pernod
ratafia
sambuca
mixed drink
cocktail
highball
Bloody Mary
bullshot
cobbler
collins
cooler
refresher
smoothie
daiquiri
spritzer
gimlet
gin and tonic
grasshopper
Harvey Wallbanger
julep
manhattan
margarita
martini
gin and it
old fashioned
Sazerac
screwdriver
sidecar
Scotch and soda
sling
sour
stinger
swizzle
hot toddy
zombie
fizz
Irish coffee
cafe au lait
drip coffee
espresso
cappuccino
iced coffee
instant coffee
mocha
mocha
Turkish coffee
chocolate milk
cider
hard cider
scrumpy
sweet cider
perry
rotgut
cocoa
juice
fruit juice
nectar
cranberry juice
grape juice
grapefruit juice
orange juice
frozen orange juice
pineapple juice
lemon juice
lime juice
papaya juice
tomato juice
carrot juice
V-8 juice
fruit drink
mate
mulled wine
soft drink
pop
birch beer
bitter lemon
cola
cream soda
ginger ale
orange soda
phosphate
Coca Cola
Pepsi
root beer
sarsaparilla
tonic
coffee bean
coffee
fruit punch
milk punch
mimosa
pina colada
punch
cup
wassail
planter's punch
White Russian
May wine
eggnog
spruce beer
rickey
tea
tea bag
tea
cuppa
herb tea
ice tea
sun tea
black tea
green tea
oolong
water
bottled water
branch water
drinking water
soda water
mineral water
couscous
ramekin
vitamin pill
soul food
mold
people
collection
book
library
agora
interplanetary space
interstellar space
semidesert
campsite
cemetery
business district
crest
flea market
hemline
hipline
hole-in-the-wall
littoral
grassland
mecca
fairground
pasture
waterfront
resort
rough
field
veld
zodiac
alp
Alpine glacier
anthill
ascent
asterism
bank
bank
bar
basin
beach
honeycomb
ben
burrow
butte
canyon
cave
cavern
cliff
coast
coastland
continental glacier
cove
crag
crater
cultivated land
dale
descent
downhill
dune
escarpment
fireball
floor
fomite
foothill
foreland
foreshore
geological formation
glacier
gopher hole
gorge
grotto
gully
hail
highland
hill
hillside
hole
iceberg
icecap
ice floe
ice mass
knoll
kopje
lakefront
lakeside
lather
ledge
lowland
massif
meander
mountain
mountainside
mull
natural elevation
ocean floor
oceanfront
outcrop
oxbow
plain
point
pothole
precipice
promontory
radiator
range
rangeland
ravine
reef
ridge
ridge
rift valley
ripple mark
riverbank
riverbed
rock
roof
scablands
seashore
seaside
shell
shiner
shore
shoreline
sinkhole
ski slope
slope
snowcap
soapsuds
spume
steep
strand
streambed
sun
swell
talus
tangle
tor
tor
valley
volcanic crater
volcano
waterside
whinstone
xenolith
spiritual leader
adventurer
anomaly
appointee
benefactor
commoner
contadino
discussant
entertainer
experimenter
exponent
face
female
inhabitant
native
native
juvenile
lover
male
mediator
national
peer
recipient
religionist
sensualist
traveler
worker
wrongdoer
Black African
Aryan
Black
Black woman
White
Semite
Elamite
white man
WASP
Nahuatl
Caddo
Chickasaw
Cocopa
Delaware
Esselen
Havasupai
Kamia
Kickapoo
Kiliwa
Malecite
Mohican
Penobscot
Potawatomi
Shasta
Taracahitian
Yana
Yuma
Gujarati
Kashmiri
Punjabi
Slav
gentile
Jihadist
Buddhist
Eurasian
Frank
Afghan
Albanian
Algerian
Altaic
Angolan
Bahamian
Bahraini
Barbadian
Bulgarian
Byelorussian
Cameroonian
Canadian
Central American
Congolese
Cypriot
Britisher
Englishwoman
Cantabrigian
Ethiopian
Finn
Lithuanian
Creole
Gabonese
Greek
Haitian
Malay
Netherlander
Iraqi
Italian
Japanese
Jordanian
Korean
Kenyan
Lao
Lapp
Latin American
Lebanese
Levantine
Liberian
Luxemburger
Mexican
Namibian
New Zealander
Nicaraguan
Nigerian
Hausa
Omani
Pakistani
South American Indian
Filipino
Qatari
Romanian
Scandinavian
Senegalese
Slovene
South African
South American
Sudanese
Syrian
Tanzanian
Tibetan
Togolese
Tuareg
Turki
Ugandan
Igbo
Anglo-American
Arkansan
Coloradan
Delawarean
Floridian
German American
Illinoisan
Mainer
Minnesotan
Nebraskan
New Hampshirite
New Jerseyan
North Carolinian
Pennsylvanian
Vietnamese
Gambian
Guinean
Yemeni
Yugoslav
Xhosa
Zimbabwean
Zulu
Gemini
Pisces
abstainer
companion
accompanist
accomplice
acquaintance
acquirer
aerialist
active
actor
actor
adjutant
admirer
adulterer
advocate
affiliate
agonist
agriculturist
air force officer
alderman
altar boy
ambassador
ambassador
amputee
anarchist
ancestor
ancient
announcer
announcer
anti
Anzac
appointee
appreciator
archbishop
archer
army engineer
army officer
arrival
articulator
artilleryman
artist's model
assemblywoman
asserter
assignee
assistant
associate
astronaut
athlete
attorney general
auditor
aunt
authority
aviator
babu
baby
back
backbencher
baggage
bairn
baker
balker
ball carrier
ballet dancer
ballet master
ball hawk
balloonist
ballplayer
bullfighter
banderillero
matador
picador
bandsman
bantamweight
bartender
base runner
basketball player
basketweaver
bass
bastard
bat boy
bather
batman
baton twirler
beard
Bedouin
beekeeper
beer drinker
beldam
believer
best
betrothed
big shot
billiard player
biographer
birth
black belt
bluestocking
boatman
bobby
bodyguard
boffin
bootblack
slugger
cub
bragger
brawler
brick
bride
bridesmaid
brother-in-law
Brummie
buddy
caddie
calligrapher
campaigner
candidate
captain
captain
captive
cardinal
cardiologist
card player
careerist
caregiver
caretaker
caroler
cashier
catechist
catechumen
Catholicos
cavalryman
celebrant
celebrant
celebrity
cellist
centenarian
centrist
chameleon
champion
charmer
cheerleader
cheerleader
chief of staff
child
child
child
chit
choreographer
cipher
circus acrobat
citizen
city father
civic leader
civil rights leader
cleaner
clergyman
cleric
clerk
climatologist
climber
clown
coach
coach
cobbler
colleen
collegian
color guard
comer
commanding officer
commissioned officer
commissioned military officer
commissioner
committee member
compulsive
computer user
concert-goer
confectioner
Confederate
confidant
constable
contralto
copycat
corporatist
compromiser
courtier
cousin
craftsman
craftsman
creature
creep
crown prince
crown princess
curate
dad
Dalai Lama
dancer
dancer
clog dancer
dancing-master
darling
deacon
deliveryman
demagogue
demigod
demonstrator
department head
deputy
dermatologist
descender
designer
detective
developer
diocesan
disk jockey
divorce lawyer
doctor
domestic partner
dominus
donna
double
draftsman
dramatist
dressmaker
dribbler
drinker
drinker
drug user
drummer
drunk
drunkard
dry
dunker
eager beaver
econometrician
economist
editor
egotist
elder
elder statesman
elected official
electrician
emissary
employee
employer
enchantress
energizer
enjoyer
enlisted woman
eparch
Eskimo
espionage agent
esthetician
etcher
event planner
executant
exhibitionist
extern
extrovert
facilitator
fairy godmother
falsifier
fan
fancier
farm boy
farmer
farmhand
father
Father
father-figure
father-in-law
featherweight
federalist
female offspring
female child
fire-eater
fireman
firstborn
first lady
first sergeant
flak catcher
flatmate
flatterer
flower girl
flutist
flyweight
flyweight
foe
folk dancer
follower
football hero
football player
forefather
foreign agent
boss
forger
forward
foster-mother
foster-sister
free agent
free trader
Freudian
friar
monk
funambulist
gagman
gagman
gainer
gal
gambler
gamine
gardener
gendarme
generator
geologist
girl
girl wonder
gladiator
glassblower
godchild
golfer
gondolier
good old boy
gouger
graduate nurse
grammarian
granddaughter
grandfather
grandma
grandparent
grass widower
great grandchild
great granddaughter
great grandparent
great grandson
Green Beret
greeter
grinner
grocer
groom
grouch
grunter
guard
guest
guide
guitarist
gunnery sergeant
guru
guy
gymnast
gynecologist
Gypsy
hack
hairdresser
animal trainer
hang glider
hatmaker
head nurse
hearer
heavyweight
hedger
heir
herder
heroine
Herr
highbrow
high commissioner
high priest
hitter
homeboy
homegirl
homeless
honor guard
hoper
hornist
horseman
host
house physician
hugger
hunk
ex-husband
hypnotist
hypocrite
ideologist
important person
incumbent
inductee
inferior
infielder
in-law
inspector
inspector general
instigator
internist
interpreter
investigator
investor
Ivy Leaguer
Jat
jezebel
jilt
jockey
journalist
judge
judge advocate
juggler
junior
jurist
kachina
keyboardist
kingmaker
king
kin
kink
kinswoman
kisser
kneeler
knower
laborer
Labourite
lady
lama
lass
Latin
Latin
Jehovah's Witness
lawgiver
lawman
law student
lawyer
lector
lector
left-hander
legionnaire
licentiate
lieutenant
life
lifeguard
light heavyweight
light heavyweight
lightweight
lightweight
lightweight
lineman
line officer
litigant
Lord
failure
loyalist
lumberman
lutist
machinist
maenad
magician
mahatma
maid
major
major
maker
adonis
man
man of action
marcher
marshal
mascot
mason
masquerader
master
master of ceremonies
mate
mate
mater
matron
mayor
mayoress
mechanical engineer
medical officer
medical practitioner
medical scientist
megalomaniac
nonmember
board member
mender
microeconomist
middle-aged man
middleweight
midwife
military leader
military officer
military policeman
mill-hand
minder
minister
minor leaguer
mistress
mistress
mixed-blood
model
modeler
Monegasque
monetarist
moneymaker
Mongoloid
monolingual
monologist
morris dancer
mother
mother
mother figure
mother-in-law
motorcycle cop
motorcyclist
Mullah
musher
musician
musicologist
music teacher
Muslimah
mutterer
nationalist
neonate
neutral
neutralist
New Dealer
niece
noncandidate
noncommissioned officer
nondriver
nonsmoker
noticer
novitiate
nurse
nursling
nymph
nymphet
oboist
obscurantist
observer
obstetrician
occultist
officiant
old boy
old lady
old man
oldster
old woman
oligarch
Olympian
orator
orderly
organist
organization man
originator
orphan
orphan
osteopath
outfielder
right-handed pitcher
painter
paleontologist
pallbearer
Panchen Lama
Parliamentarian
partaker
part-timer
party
passenger
pater
patient
patriarch
patriot
patron
peacekeeper
peddler
penologist
Pentecostal
percussionist
personal representative
personification
perspirer
Peter Pan
pet sitter
Pharaoh
pharmacist
photojournalist
physical therapist
physicist
picker
pillar
pitcher
planner
plasterer
player
pleaser
pledger
plenipotentiary
plier
plumber
policyholder
political scientist
politician
pool player
postdoc
prosthetist
potboy
poultryman
practitioner
prayer
preceptor
premature baby
preserver
president
President of the United States
priest
Prince of Wales
princess
principal
private
probationer
proctologist
programmer
propagandist
propagator
prosecutor
protectionist
pruner
psycholinguist
psychophysicist
punter
puppeteer
pusher
pusher
quadruplet
quarterback
queen
queen
rabbi
radiologic technologist
radiologist
rake
ranch hand
ranker
rapper
reader
reading teacher
recruit
redhead
reenactor
registrar
religious leader
reporter
representative
reprobate
rescuer
reservist
resident commissioner
retailer
retiree
rheumatologist
rich person
rider
riding master
rifleman
right-hander
right-hand man
rock star
Mountie
civil authority
runner
runner
running back
rustic
sailor
salesman
salesperson
sangoma
saunterer
schemer
scholar
scholiast
schoolfriend
schoolmaster
scoutmaster
scrambler
screen actor
sculptor
second cousin
second-rater
secretary
Secretary of Agriculture
Secretary of State
Secretary of the Interior
secularist
seeded player
selfish person
seller
selling agent
semifinalist
seminarian
senator
separatist
septuagenarian
server
serviceman
sex symbol
sexton
sheik
shepherd
shipmate
shot putter
shyster
sibling
sick person
singer
sitar player
sixth-former
skeptic
skidder
skier
sleeper
smasher
smith
soccer player
socialist
socializer
social scientist
sociolinguist
sociologist
sodalist
soldier
songster
soul mate
sovereign
sparring partner
native speaker
specialist
spectator
sphinx
sport
sprog
square dancer
squire
staff member
staff sergeant
stammerer
star
stepparent
steward
stoker
strategist
stud
stylist
subordinate
successor
successor
Sufi
suffragette
suitor
sumo wrestler
superior
supermom
surgeon
surveyor
sweeper
sweetheart
sylph
sympathizer
tactician
tailback
tanker
Tarzan
taxi dancer
teacher
teaching fellow
technical sergeant
technician
television reporter
term infant
tenant
tennis player
termer
terror
testator
theologian
therapist
thinker
thrower
tiler
Timorese
tinkerer
Tory
tourist
trader
trade unionist
traffic cop
trainer
traitor
transvestite
tribesman
trier
trooper
trumpeter
twin
Tyke
understudy
Unknown Soldier
upstart
upstart
urchin
utility man
vacationer
valedictorian
valley girl
vaulter
very important person
vibist
vicar
vicar
vice president
villager
vintner
violist
visualizer
voyager
waffler
waif
wallah
wanderer
washer
welder
widow
wife
winger
winner
woman
woman
working girl
workman
worshiper
wrecker
wright
writer
young buck
young Turk
zoo keeper
parhelion
volva
aquatic
pecopteris
pteridophyte
fern
fern ally
cryptogam
annual
biennial
perennial
ephedra
welwitschia
cycad
sago palm
zamia
ceratozamia
dioon
encephalartos
macrozamia
burrawong
pine
pinon
nut pine
bishop pine
spruce pine
black pine
pitch pine
pond pine
stone pine
Swiss pine
Swiss mountain pine
ancient pine
white pine
American white pine
western white pine
southwestern white pine
limber pine
whitebark pine
yellow pine
Jeffrey pine
shore pine
loblolly pine
jack pine
swamp pine
red pine
Scotch pine
scrub pine
Monterey pine
bristlecone pine
table-mountain pine
knobcone pine
Japanese red pine
Japanese black pine
Torrey pine
larch
American larch
western larch
European larch
Siberian larch
golden larch
fir
silver fir
amabilis fir
European silver fir
white fir
balsam fir
Fraser fir
lowland fir
Alpine fir
Santa Lucia fir
cedar
cedar of Lebanon
deodar
Atlas cedar
spruce
Norway spruce
weeping spruce
Engelmann spruce
white spruce
black spruce
Sitka spruce
oriental spruce
Colorado spruce
red spruce
hemlock
eastern hemlock
Carolina hemlock
mountain hemlock
western hemlock
douglas fir
cedar
cypress
Arizona cypress
Monterey cypress
Mexican cypress
Italian cypress
incense cedar
southern white cedar
Oregon cedar
yellow cypress
Japanese cedar
juniper berry
incense cedar
pahautea
metasequoia
arborvitae
western red cedar
American arborvitae
Oriental arborvitae
Wollemi pine
araucaria
monkey puzzle
norfolk island pine
new caledonian pine
bunya bunya
hoop pine
kauri pine
California nutmeg
stinking cedar
celery pine
yellowwood
podocarp
yacca
brown pine
totara
kahikatea
rimu
westland pine
huon pine
nagi
miro
matai
Japanese umbrella pine
yew
Old World yew
Pacific yew
Japanese yew
Florida yew
New Caledonian yew
ginkgo
angiosperm
dicot
monocot
floret
flower
bloomer
wildflower
inflorescence
pistil
carpophore
cornstalk
pollen tube
gemma
pericarp
sporophyte
oilseed
hypanthium
lip
perianth
custard apple
cherimoya
soursop
sweetsop
pawpaw
ilang-ilang
lancewood
barberry
Oregon grape
Oregon grape
mayapple
allspice
katsura tree
laurel
true laurel
camphor tree
cassia
avocado
laurel-tree
sassafras
California laurel
anise tree
magnolia
southern magnolia
umbrella tree
cucumber tree
saucer magnolia
star magnolia
sweet bay
tulip tree
moonseed
water nymph
European white lily
lotus
water chinquapin
water-shield
peony
buttercup
meadow buttercup
water crowfoot
lesser celandine
lesser spearwort
greater spearwort
western buttercup
creeping buttercup
cursed crowfoot
aconite
baneberry
baneberry
pheasant's-eye
anemone
Alpine anemone
Canada anemone
thimbleweed
wood anemone
wood anemone
snowdrop anemone
rue anemone
columbine
meeting house
blue columbine
granny's bonnets
marsh marigold
clematis
blue jasmine
golden clematis
scarlet clematis
leather flower
virgin's bower
purple clematis
rocket larkspur
delphinium
winter aconite
hepatica
goldenseal
false rue anemone
nigella
pasqueflower
meadow rue
globeflower
winter's bark
sweet gale
wax myrtle
zebrawood
legume
peanut
courbaril
alpine clover
hop clover
crimson clover
red clover
white clover
mimosa
acacia
wattle
black wattle
catechu
silver wattle
huisache
golden wattle
fever tree
coralwood
albizzia
silk tree
siris
rain tree
calliandra
conacaste
inga
lead tree
wild tamarind
dogbane
impala lily
allamanda
dita
Nepal trumpet flower
carissa
periwinkle
ivory tree
oleander
frangipani
yellow oleander
arum
cuckoopint
calamus
alocasia
amorphophallus
anthurium
jack-in-the-pulpit
caladium
wild calla
taro
golden pothos
skunk cabbage
monstera
nephthytis
arrow arum
philodendron
pistia
pothos
spathiphyllum
skunk cabbage
yautia
calla lily
duckweed
aralia
ginseng
birthwort
heartleaf
corn cockle
sandwort
mountain sandwort
rock sandwort
thyme-leaved sandwort
mouse-ear chickweed
pink
sweet William
carnation
china pink
maiden pink
cheddar pink
button pink
cottage pink
fringed pink
baby's breath
coral necklace
lychnis
ragged robin
scarlet lychnis
mullein pink
sandwort
sandwort
soapwort
silene
moss campion
wild pink
red campion
white campion
fire pink
bladder campion
corn spurry
chickweed
cowherb
Hottentot fig
livingstone daisy
fig marigold
New Zealand spinach
amaranth
cockscomb
globe amaranth
bloodleaf
saltwort
orach
saltbush
beet
glasswort
saltwort
sand verbena
bougainvillea
four o'clock
common four-o'clock
California four o'clock
sweet four o'clock
desert four o'clock
cockspur
rattail cactus
saguaro
night-blooming cereus
echinocactus
hedgehog cactus
golden barrel cactus
hedgehog cereus
epiphyllum
barrel cactus
night-blooming cereus
chichipe
mescal
mescal button
mammillaria
feather ball
garambulla
nopal
prickly pear
cholla
Christmas cactus
night-blooming cereus
crab cactus
pokeweed
portulaca
red maids
Carolina spring beauty
spring beauty
Virginia spring beauty
siskiyou lewisia
bitterroot
flame flower
caper
spiderflower
cress
watercress
stonecress
garlic mustard
alyssum
rock cress
winter cress
yellow rocket
hoary alison
wild cabbage
cabbage
brussels sprout
cauliflower
broccoli
kohlrabi
turnip plant
broccoli raab
mustard
bok choy
rape
rapeseed
shepherd's purse
wallflower
sea kale
draba
wallflower
western wall flower
damask violet
candytuft
woad
bladderpod
sweet alyssum
Malcolm stock
Virginian stock
stock
bladderpod
radish plant
jointed charlock
radish
radish
field mustard
hedge mustard
pennycress
poppy
Iceland poppy
western poppy
prickly poppy
Iceland poppy
oriental poppy
corn poppy
opium poppy
prickly poppy
celandine
corydalis
California poppy
horn poppy
golden cup
blue poppy
Welsh poppy
matilija poppy
wind poppy
celandine poppy
bleeding heart
Dutchman's breeches
squirrel corn
composite
compass plant
everlasting
achillea
pink-and-white everlasting
white snakeroot
ageratum
ragweed
pearly everlasting
mayweed
yellow chamomile
corn chamomile
woolly daisy
burdock
African daisy
blue-eyed African daisy
marguerite
silversword
arnica
heartleaf arnica
Arnica montana
artemisia
mugwort
sweet wormwood
field wormwood
wormwood sage
aster
wood aster
heath aster
bushy aster
heath aster
stiff aster
goldilocks
New England aster
Michaelmas daisy
sea aster
prairie aster
aromatic aster
bog aster
flat-topped white aster
smooth aster
southern aster
starved aster
willow aster
balsamroot
daisy
bur marigold
Swan River daisy
calendula
China aster
thistle
welted thistle
musk thistle
carline thistle
safflower
catananche
dusty miller
cornflower
knapweed
Barnaby's thistle
chamomile
chrysanthemum
corn marigold
crown daisy
golden aster
goldenbush
chicory
chicory
plume thistle
Canada thistle
field thistle
woolly thistle
melancholy thistle
brook thistle
bull thistle
blessed thistle
mistflower
horseweed
coreopsis
cosmos
brass buttons
hawk's-beard
artichoke
cardoon
dahlia
German ivy
florist's chrysanthemum
cape marigold
leopard's-bane
coneflower
globe thistle
brittlebush
fireweed
fleabane
daisy fleabane
orange daisy
spreading fleabane
seaside daisy
Philadelphia fleabane
showy daisy
woolly sunflower
dog fennel
Joe-Pye weed
boneset
Joe-Pye weed
blue daisy
cotton rose
gaillardia
gazania
African daisy
desert sunflower
cudweed
gumweed
goldenbush
sneezeweed
sunflower
swamp sunflower
common sunflower
giant sunflower
showy sunflower
Maximilian's sunflower
prairie sunflower
Jerusalem artichoke
strawflower
heliopsis
strawflower
hawkweed
cat's-ear
inula
marsh elder
krigia
goldfields
tidytips
hawkbit
edelweiss
oxeye daisy
oxeye daisy
shasta daisy
blazing star
African daisy
tarweed
sweet false chamomile
pineapple weed
daisybush
cotton thistle
butterweed
American feverfew
cineraria
butterbur
oxtongue
hawkweed
stevia
fleabane
coneflower
Mexican hat
long-head coneflower
prairie coneflower
coneflower
black-eyed Susan
cutleaved coneflower
lavender cotton
creeping zinnia
golden thistle
dusty miller
butterweed
sea wormwood
milk thistle
goldenrod
meadow goldenrod
Missouri goldenrod
alpine goldenrod
grey goldenrod
Blue Mountain tea
dyer's weed
seaside goldenrod
tall goldenrod
sow thistle
stevia
stokes' aster
marigold
African marigold
French marigold
painted daisy
pyrethrum
feverfew
dusty miller
tansy
dandelion
dandelion green
Mexican sunflower
Easter daisy
yellow salsify
salsify
meadow salsify
scentless camomile
coltsfoot
ursinia
crownbeard
ironweed
mule's ears
cocklebur
immortelle
zinnia
blazing star
achene
campanula
creeping bellflower
Canterbury bell
tall bellflower
clustered bellflower
peach bells
rampion
tussock bellflower
orchid
orchis
male orchis
butterfly orchid
showy orchis
aerides
arethusa
bletia
Bletilla striata
brassavola
spider orchid
spider orchid
caladenia
calanthe
grass pink
calypso
cattleya
helleborine
frog orchid
coelogyne
coral root
cymbid
lady's slipper
moccasin flower
common lady's-slipper
ram's-head
yellow lady's slipper
California lady's slipper
mountain lady's slipper
marsh orchid
common spotted orchid
dendrobium
disa
phantom orchid
butterfly orchid
butterfly orchid
epidendron
helleborine
Epipactis helleborine
stream orchid
rattlesnake plantain
fragrant orchid
short-spurred fragrant orchid
fringed orchis
frog orchid
rein orchid
white fringed orchis
purple-fringed orchid
ragged orchid
prairie orchid
purple fringeless orchid
purple-fringed orchid
Texas purple spike
lizard orchid
laelia
liparis
twayblade
fen orchid
lesser twayblade
twayblade
green adder's mouth
masdevallia
pansy orchid
odontoglossum
oncidium
bee orchid
fly orchid
spider orchid
Venus' slipper
phaius
moth orchid
lesser butterfly orchid
greater butterfly orchid
Indian crocus
pleurothallis
pogonia
butterfly orchid
helmet orchid
orange-blossom orchid
sobralia
ladies' tresses
screw augur
hooded ladies' tresses
western ladies' tresses
European ladies' tresses
stanhopea
stelis
fly orchid
vanda
vanilla
yam
black bryony
primrose
English primrose
cowslip
oxlip
polyanthus
pimpernel
cyclamen
sowbread
featherfoil
loosestrife
gooseneck loosestrife
yellow pimpernel
moneywort
whorled loosestrife
water pimpernel
coralberry
plumbago
leadwort
sea lavender
gramineous plant
grass
shortgrass
tallgrass
herbage
goat grass
wheatgrass
foxtail
broom grass
tall oat grass
oat
brome
grama
buffalo grass
reed grass
burgrass
pampas grass
orchard grass
crabgrass
barnyard grass
yardgrass
finger millet
lyme grass
wild rye
plume grass
fescue
velvet grass
creeping soft grass
rye grass
dallisgrass
knotgrass
fountain grass
reed canary grass
canary grass
timothy
bluegrass
meadowgrass
bluestem
rye
millet
reed
sorghum
cordgrass
rush grass
St. Augustine grass
grain
wheat
corn
zoysia
bamboo
umbrella plant
galingale
nutgrass
cotton grass
spike rush
pandanus
bur reed
grain
gourd
pumpkin
summer squash
yellow squash
marrow
cymling
spaghetti squash
winter squash
acorn squash
hubbard squash
turban squash
butternut squash
winter crookneck
cushaw
prairie gourd
bryony
sweet melon
cantaloupe
winter melon
net melon
squirting cucumber
bottle gourd
luffa
balsam apple
balsam pear
lobelia
mallow
musk mallow
common mallow
okra
okra
abelmosk
velvetleaf
hollyhock
althea
poppy mallow
kenaf
rose mallow
cotton rose
mahoe
lacebark
seashore mallow
false mallow
waxmallow
pavonia
ribbon tree
bush hibiscus
Indian mallow
checkerbloom
globe mallow
tulipwood tree
red silk-cotton tree
cream-of-tartar tree
baobab
kapok
durian
Jamaican cherry
sterculia
bottle-tree
flame tree
flame tree
kurrajong
Chinese parasol tree
red beech
looking glass tree
looking-glass plant
silver tree
cacao
linden
American basswood
white basswood
Japanese linden
silver lime
herb
protea
banksia
smoke bush
grevillea
cushion flower
macadamia
prickly ash
wheel tree
scrub beefwood
waratah
waratah
casuarina
heath
briarroot
bearberry
trailing arbutus
salal
huckleberry
kalmia
wild rosemary
leucothoe
alpine azalea
sorrel tree
fetterbush
rhododendron
coast rhododendron
rosebay
swamp azalea
azalea
cranberry
blueberry
diapensia
shortia
Australian heath
native cranberry
wintergreen
pipsissewa
one-flowered wintergreen
Indian pipe
pinesap
beech
copper beech
American beech
weeping beech
Japanese beech
chestnut
American chestnut
European chestnut
Chinese chestnut
Allegheny chinkapin
Ozark chinkapin
oak chestnut
tanbark oak
southern beech
myrtle beech
New Zealand beech
black beech
hard beech
acorn
oak
live oak
coast live oak
white oak
American white oak
Arizona white oak
swamp white oak
European turkey oak
canyon oak
scarlet oak
jack oak
red oak
Oregon white oak
shingle oak
bluejack oak
California black oak
American turkey oak
laurel oak
California white oak
overcup oak
bur oak
scrub oak
swamp chestnut oak
Japanese oak
chinquapin oak
water oak
durmast
basket oak
pin oak
willow oak
common oak
post oak
cork oak
Spanish oak
black oak
southern live oak
interior live oak
birch
yellow birch
American white birch
grey birch
silver birch
downy birch
black birch
sweet birch
swamp birch
alder
common alder
grey alder
seaside alder
white alder
red alder
smooth alder
green alder
hornbeam
hop hornbeam
hazelnut
centaury
prairie gentian
gentian
gentianella
closed gentian
explorer's gentian
closed gentian
great yellow gentian
marsh gentian
soapwort gentian
striped gentian
agueweed
felwort
fringed gentian
spurred gentian
olive tree
olive
fringe tree
forestiera
forsythia
ash
white ash
swamp ash
European ash
Oregon ash
black ash
manna ash
red ash
blue ash
mountain ash
pumpkin ash
Arizona ash
jasmine
winter jasmine
common jasmine
privet
lilac
kangaroo paw
winter hazel
fothergilla
liquidambar
iron tree
walnut
California black walnut
butternut
black walnut
English walnut
hickory
pecan
wing nut
bush willow
white mangrove
brazil nut
loosestrife
purple loosestrife
crape myrtle
Queen's crape myrtle
myrtle
bayberry
sour cherry
Surinam cherry
feijoa
jaboticaba
guava
guava
cattley guava
gum tree
eucalyptus
flooded gum
mallee
red gum
red gum
river red gum
snow gum
alpine ash
white mountain ash
blue gum
spotted gum
lemon-scented gum
mountain ash
manna gum
tupelo
enchanter's nightshade
willowherb
fuchsia
evening primrose
common evening primrose
sundrops
Missouri primrose
pomegranate
mangrove
daphne
Medinilla magnifica
deer grass
canna
banana
dwarf banana
Japanese banana
plantain
edible banana
abaca
Abyssinian banana
common ginger
galangal
shellflower
grains of paradise
cardamom
begonia
tuberous begonia
Christmas begonia
angel-wing begonia
rex begonia
wax begonia
dillenia
poon
calaba
laurelwood
clusia
gamboge tree
St John's wort
common St John's wort
great St John's wort
creeping St John's wort
klammath weed
shrubby St John's wort
St Peter's wort
marsh St-John's wort
mammee apple
bower actinidia
Chinese gooseberry
papaya
rockrose
dipterocarp
candlewood
granadilla
granadilla
granadilla
maypop
Jamaica honeysuckle
sweet calabash
love-in-a-mist
reseda
viola
violet
field pansy
dog violet
horned violet
two-eyed violet
bird's-foot violet
downy yellow violet
long-spurred violet
pale violet
hedge violet
nettle
cannabis
mulberry
breadfruit
jackfruit
fig tree
fig
golden fig
banyan
pipal
India-rubber tree
mistletoe fig
paper mulberry
trumpetwood
elm
winged elm
American elm
smooth-leaved elm
cedar elm
witch elm
Dutch elm
water elm
Chinese elm
English elm
Siberian elm
slippery elm
September elm
rock elm
hackberry
European hackberry
American hackberry
sugarberry
iridaceous plant
bearded iris
beardless iris
orrisroot
dwarf iris
Dutch iris
Florentine iris
stinking iris
German iris
Japanese iris
German iris
Dalmatian iris
Persian iris
Dutch iris
dwarf iris
Spanish iris
wandflower
amaryllis
blood lily
daffodil
jonquil
liliaceous plant
mountain lily
Canada lily
tiger lily
Columbia tiger lily
tiger lily
Easter lily
coast lily
Turk's-cap
Michigan lily
leopard lily
Turk's-cap
wild leek
Canada garlic
daffodil garlic
chives
wild garlic
garlic chive
round-headed leek
three-cornered leek
kniphofia
asparagus
asparagus fern
asphodel
aspidistra
mariposa
globe lily
sego lily
camas
dogtooth violet
white dogtooth violet
yellow adder's tongue
European dogtooth
fawn lily
glacier lily
avalanche lily
fritillary
mission bells
mission bells
crown imperial
snake's head fritillary
adobe lily
tulip
dwarf tulip
lady tulip
Tulipa gesneriana
cottage tulip
Darwin tulip
gloriosa
star-of-Bethlehem
grape hyacinth
common grape hyacinth
tassel hyacinth
scilla
false asphodel
butcher's broom
bog asphodel
hellebore
squaw grass
death camas
herb Paris
sarsaparilla
clintonia
false lily of the valley
false lily of the valley
Solomon's-seal
bellwort
pia
American agave
sisal
maguey
maguey
Agave tequilana
cabbage tree
dracaena
tuberose
sansevieria
Spanish bayonet
Spanish bayonet
Joshua tree
Adam's needle
bear grass
Spanish dagger
Our Lord's candle
water shamrock
butterfly bush
yellow jasmine
flax
bonduc
divi-divi
mountain ebony
cassia
carob
carob
paloverde
royal poinciana
locust tree
honey locust
Kentucky coffee tree
Jerusalem thorn
palo verde
senna
wild senna
sicklepod
tamarind
angelim
kidney vetch
rooibos
milk vetch
wild indigo
dhak
pea tree
Moreton Bay chestnut
butterfly pea
Judas tree
redbud
western redbud
chickpea
chickpea
glory pea
butterfly pea
blue pea
crotalaria
rosewood
sissoo
blackwood
tick trefoil
coral tree
coral bean tree
ceibo
Indian coral tree
cork tree
goat's rue
soy
French honeysuckle
vetchling
wild pea
everlasting pea
lentil
lentil
prairie bird's-foot trefoil
bird's foot trefoil
lupine
tree lupine
wild lupine
bluebonnet
Texas bluebonnet
medic
Peruvian balsam
sainfoin
restharrow
locoweed
tumbleweed
yam bean
pea
quira
winged bean
red sandalwood
kudzu
bristly locust
black locust
Japanese pagoda tree
mescal bean
kowhai
jade vine
hoary pea
bush pea
bird's foot trefoil
gorse
vetch
broad bean
snailflower
cowpea
cowpea
asparagus bean
palm
sago palm
feather palm
fan palm
palmetto
grugru
areca
palmyra
calamus
fishtail palm
wax palm
coconut
carnauba
caranday
talipot
oil palm
cabbage palm
cabbage palm
cohune palm
date palm
ivory palm
raffia palm
lady palm
royal palm
cabbage palm
saw palmetto
thatch palm
key palm
eriogonum
rhubarb
commelina
spiderwort
pineapple
water hyacinth
water plantain
hydrilla
waterweed
tape grass
pondweed
arrow grass
eelgrass
rose
hip
banksia rose
damask rose
Cherokee rose
musk rose
agrimonia
flowering quince
coco plum
cotoneaster
quince
mountain avens
loquat
avens
apple tree
apple
wild apple
crab apple
wild crab
Iowa crab
medlar
cinquefoil
plum
wild plum
common plum
bullace
Canada plum
apricot
cherry
wild cherry
wild cherry
sweet cherry
capulin
cherry laurel
cherry plum
sour cherry
almond tree
almond
dwarf flowering almond
fuji
flowering almond
bird cherry
peach
nectarine
black cherry
flowering cherry
oriental cherry
Japanese flowering cherry
Sierra plum
rosebud cherry
Russian almond
flowering almond
chokecherry
chokecherry
Pyracantha
pear
fruit tree
raspberry
black raspberry
salmonberry
salmonberry
wineberry
mountain ash
rowan
rowanberry
American mountain ash
service tree
spirea
woodruff
coffee
cinchona
bedstraw
sweet woodruff
Northern bedstraw
yellow bedstraw
wild madder
hamelia
lemonwood
wild medlar
abelia
American fly honeysuckle
Italian honeysuckle
yellow honeysuckle
Japanese honeysuckle
Hall's honeysuckle
woodbine
trumpet honeysuckle
European fly honeysuckle
snowberry
cranberry bush
wayfaring tree
guelder rose
black haw
weigela
teasel
common teasel
fuller's teasel
wild teasel
scabious
sweet scabious
field scabious
jewelweed
geranium
cranesbill
wild geranium
meadow cranesbill
Richardson's geranium
herb robert
sticky geranium
dove's foot geranium
rose geranium
fish geranium
ivy geranium
storksbill
incense tree
mahogany
chinaberry
neem
silver ash
common wood sorrel
Bermuda buttercup
creeping oxalis
violet wood sorrel
carambola
milkwort
citrus
orange
sour orange
bergamot
pomelo
citron
grapefruit
mandarin
tangerine
clementine
satsuma
sweet orange
temple orange
tangelo
lemon
sweet lemon
lime
fraxinella
kumquat
cork tree
trifoliate orange
prickly ash
bitterwood tree
ailanthus
wild mango
nasturtium
garden nasturtium
bush nasturtium
canarybird flower
lignum vitae
creosote bush
caltrop
willow
osier
white willow
silver willow
golden willow
weeping willow
pussy willow
sallow
almond willow
crack willow
prairie willow
dwarf willow
grey willow
shining willow
swamp willow
bay willow
purple willow
Sitka willow
dwarf grey willow
common osier
poplar
balsam poplar
white poplar
black poplar
cottonwood
aspen
quaking aspen
American quaking aspen
Canadian aspen
sandalwood tree
Loranthaceae
mistletoe
mistletoe
soapberry
soapberry vine
longan
litchi
rambutan
pachysandra
bittersweet
spindle tree
wahoo
strawberry bush
maple
silver maple
sugar maple
red maple
moosewood
Oregon maple
dwarf maple
mountain maple
vine maple
hedge maple
Norway maple
sycamore
box elder
Japanese maple
Japanese maple
holly
bearberry
inkberry
American holly
cashew
laurel sumac
mango
pistachio
terebinth
mastic
sumac
pepper tree
Brazilian pepper tree
hog plum
mombin
poison ash
poison ivy
varnish tree
horse chestnut
buckeye
ebony
persimmon
Japanese persimmon
American persimmon
date plum
buckthorn
star apple
satinleaf
balata
sapodilla
marmalade tree
styrax
carnivorous plant
pitcher plant
common pitcher plant
hooded pitcher plant
huntsman's horn
tropical pitcher plant
sundew
Venus's flytrap
Australian pitcher plant
sedum
pinwheel
hortensia
fall-blooming hydrangea
carpenteria
deutzia
philadelphus
saxifrage
yellow mountain saxifrage
meadow saxifrage
purple saxifrage
star saxifrage
astilbe
dwarf astilbe
spirea
bergenia
bridal wreath
alumroot
woodland star
prairie star
miterwort
parnassia
false alumroot
foamflower
pickaback plant
currant
gooseberry
plane tree
London plane
American sycamore
oriental plane
California sycamore
Arizona sycamore
phlox
moss pink
acanthus
black-eyed Susan
catalpa
desert willow
calabash
borage
anchusa
Spanish elm
Chinese forget-me-not
hound's-tongue
hound's-tongue
blueweed
puccoon
Virginia bluebell
garden forget-me-not
forget-me-not
comfrey
convolvulus
bindweed
dodder
dichondra
cypress vine
moonflower
wild potato vine
red morning-glory
man-of-the-earth
Japanese morning glory
imperial Japanese morning glory
achimenes
episcia
gloxinia
kohleria
African violet
streptocarpus
waterleaf
yellow bells
nemophila
baby blue-eyes
scorpionweed
fiesta flower
basil thyme
giant hyssop
bugle
creeping bugle
erect bugle
pyramid bugle
wood mint
calamint
wild basil
coleus
country borage
painted nettle
hemp nettle
ground ivy
pennyroyal
hyssop
dead nettle
white dead nettle
henbit
English lavender
French lavender
spike lavender
dagga
lion's-ear
motherwort
origanum
horehound
lemon balm
corn mint
water-mint
bergamot mint
horsemint
peppermint
spearmint
apple mint
pennyroyal
molucca balm
monarda
bee balm
horsemint
bee balm
lemon mint
catmint
basil
phlomis
Jerusalem sage
physostegia
plectranthus
patchouli
mountain mint
rosemary
clary sage
purple sage
cancerweed
common sage
meadow clary
clary
pitcher sage
Mexican mint
wild sage
savory
skullcap
blue pimpernel
hedge nettle
hedge nettle
germander
thyme
common thyme
wild thyme
blue curls
bladderwort
butterwort
common unicorn plant
figwort
snapdragon
false foxglove
calceolaria
Indian paintbrush
blue-eyed Mary
foxglove
common foxglove
yellow foxglove
gerardia
toadflax
golden-beard penstemon
shrubby penstemon
balloon flower
rock penstemon
cascade penstemon
veronica
field speedwell
brooklime
corn speedwell
brooklime
germander speedwell
water speedwell
common speedwell
thyme-leaved speedwell
nightshade
potato vine
potato vine
potato tree
belladonna
bush violet
lady-of-the-night
angel's trumpet
angel's trumpet
red angel's trumpet
night jasmine
tree tomato
thorn apple
henbane
matrimony vine
Christmasberry
mandrake
apple of Peru
cupflower
petunia
large white petunia
hybrid petunia
cape gooseberry
tomatillo
tomatillo
salpiglossis
chalice vine
verbena
lantana
white mangrove
black mangrove
teak
spurge
sun spurge
petty spurge
medusa's head
wild spurge
snow-on-the-mountain
cypress spurge
leafy spurge
poinsettia
wood spurge
naboom
crown of thorns
croton
castor-oil plant
spurge nettle
Para rubber tree
cassava
cassava
candlenut
slipper spurge
camellia
fool's parsley
dill
angelica
chervil
cow parsley
wild celery
astrantia
caraway
water hemlock
hemlock
cumin
wild carrot
eryngo
sea holly
fennel
cow parsnip
lovage
sweet cicely
water fennel
wild parsnip
parsley
sanicle
dogwood
common white dogwood
red osier
silky cornel
common European dogwood
bunchberry
cornelian cherry
kapuka
valerian
red valerian
filmy fern
bristle fern
flowering fern
crape fern
crepe fern
climbing fern
scented fern
adder's tongue
grape fern
flowering fern
powdery mildew
Dutch elm fungus
ergot
dead-man's-fingers
earthball
stalked puffball
false truffle
slime mold
white fungus
downy mildew
white rust
pythium
Phytophthora infestans
truffle
coral fungus
tooth fungus
lichen
lecanora
beard lichen
horsehair lichen
reindeer moss
crottle
Iceland moss
fungus
true fungus
basidiomycete
mushroom
agaric
mushroom
mushroom
toadstool
horse mushroom
meadow mushroom
shiitake
scaly lentinus
royal agaric
false deathcap
fly agaric
death cap
blushing mushroom
destroying angel
chanterelle
jack-o-lantern fungus
inky cap
shaggymane
milkcap
fairy-ring mushroom
oyster mushroom
Pholiota aurea
nameko
Pholiota squarrosa
Stropharia rugoso-annulata
gill fungus
Entoloma lividum
Entoloma aprile
Chlorophyllum molybdites
lepiota
parasol mushroom
poisonous parasol
Lepiota rhacodes
American parasol
Lepiota clypeolaria
blewits
sandy mushroom
Tricholoma sejunctum
man-on-a-horse
Tricholoma pardinum
deer mushroom
straw mushroom
Volvariella bombycina
Clitocybe clavipes
Clitocybe dealbata
Clitocybe irina
winter mushroom
mycelium
sac fungus
ascomycete
Clavicipitaceae
yeast
Aspergillus fumigatus
brown root rot fungus
discomycete
Sarcoscypha coccinea
Caloscypha fulgens
Aleuria aurantia
blood cup
common morel
Disciotis venosa
Verpa
black morel
Morchella crassipes
Morchella semilibera
false morel
lorchel
gyromitra
gasteromycete
stinkhorn
puffball
earthstar
bird's-nest fungus
polypore
bracket fungus
Albatrellus ovinus
hen-of-the-woods
Polyporus squamosus
beefsteak fungus
agaric
bolete
Boletus chrysenteron
Boletus edulis
Boletus luridus
Boletus pallidus
Boletus pulverulentus
Fuscoboletinus paluster
Fuscoboletinus serotinus
old-man-of-the-woods
jelly fungus
witches' butter
Tremella foliacea
Jew's-ear
rust
smut
covered smut
loose smut
cornsmut
Sphacelotheca
head smut
bunt
flag smut fungus
felt fungus
waxycap
Cortinarius armillatus
Cortinarius mutabilis
Cortinarius semisanguineus
Cortinarius violaceus
mold
mildew
verticillium
monilia
candida
green smut fungus
dry rot
houseplant
succulent
cultivar
weed
wort
aril
sporophyll
sorus
sorus
lignum
deciduous plant
poisonous plant
vine
tendril
snag
tree
timber tree
arbor
bean tree
pollard
sapling
shade tree
conifer
angiospermous tree
spice tree
bonsai
subshrub
bramble
liana
desert plant
mesophyte
marsh plant
root
prop root
stolon
cladode
scape
umbel
petiole
flower cluster
raceme
cyme
ear
fruit
seed
bean
nut
kernel
berry
aggregate fruit
simple fruit
drupe
pome
pod
husk
buckthorn
buckthorn berry
cascara buckthorn
coffeeberry
redberry
Christ's-thorn
fox grape
muscadine
vinifera
Boston ivy
true pepper
peperomia
frond
bract
crenate leaf
umbrella fern
polypody
licorice fern
grey polypody
leatherleaf
rock polypody
common polypody
strap fern
basket fern
golden polypody
staghorn fern
felt fern
grass fern
spleenwort
black spleenwort
bird's nest fern
ebony spleenwort
walking fern
green spleenwort
lobed spleenwort
hart's-tongue
scale fern
scolopendrium
chain fern
davallia
bracken
shield fern
fragrant cliff fern
wood fern
male fern
marginal wood fern
lady fern
silvery spleenwort
holly fern
bladder fern
silvery spleenwort
oak fern
limestone fern
ostrich fern
hart's-tongue
sensitive fern
Christmas fern
holly fern
leather fern
woodsia
golden fern
maidenhair
common maidenhair
American maidenhair fern
brittle maidenhair
annual fern
lip fern
lace fern
bamboo fern
hand fern
cliff brake
silver fern
golden fern
spider brake
ribbon fern
horsetail
common horsetail
swamp horsetail
scouring rush
marsh horsetail
wood horsetail
club moss
earthtongue
mountain fern
New York fern
Massachusetts fern
beech fern
Armillaria ponderosa
honey mushroom
milkweed
swamp milkweed
purple silkweed
showy milkweed
poison milkweed
butterfly weed
whorled milkweed
stapelia
stephanotis
equilateral
pencil
plane figure
line
bulb
convex shape
cylinder
round shape
heart
polygon
convex polygon
concave polygon
closed curve
S-shape
wave
extrados
hook
envelope
cone
circle
scallop
helix
triangle
acute triangle
obtuse triangle
right triangle
scalene triangle
parallel
star
pentagon
hexagon
octagon
spherical polygon
convex polyhedron
bell
groove
bulge
bow
crescent
balance
spheroid
toroid
column
barrel
pipe
bolus
rim
wrinkle
crevice
roulette
tree
block
ovoid
tetrahedron
regular polyhedron
tail
tongue
wedge
keel
ragweed pollen
charcoal
rock
bricks and mortar
choline
concrete
culture medium
inositol
linoleum
pantothenic acid
paper
blacktop
paving
roughcast
spackle
wattle and daub
stucco
tear gas
linseed
vitamin
fat-soluble vitamin
water-soluble vitamin
vitamin A
B-complex vitamin
vitamin B1
vitamin B12
vitamin B2
vitamin B6
vitamin Bc
niacin
vitamin D
vitamin E
biotin
vitamin K
vitamin P
vitamin C
virus
filovirus
herpes simplex
papovavirus
coccus
dory
metatherian
process
plume
gate
durables
box
place
lace
flower arrangement
article
link
ingot
alcove
butt
coil
strip
paving stone
insert
landing
linen
nameplate
mat
membrane
colors
centerpiece
prism
tracery
vaulting
rim
truck bed
bed
hackney
trench
mattress
spout
glassware
graduate
pike
silverware
pendant
trimming
neck
creation
macintosh
exit
plaster
grove
earring
photocopy
flatware
shard
pneumatic tire
hose
volatile storage
lifeline
ring
way
component
hindrance
kite
chock
small stuff
well
cabin
ring
suppressor
finger hole
fin
laundry
butt
effigy
skin
violet
coloration
braid
nerve cell
bone cell
neural structure
external body part
skeletal structure
axis
conference call
scene
letter
communication
sign
performance
visual communication
set
park
wilderness
stop
municipality
dump
biogeographical region
outside
quarter
side
limit
country
globule
extraterrestrial object
turf
surface
atmosphere
cape
celestial body
trough
wetland
Celt
Frenchman
Belgian
honoree
ignoramus
mountaineer
analyst
musician
hiker
founder
Scout
stockman
chess player
corporate executive
reliever
cognitive scientist
administrator
photographer's model
decoder
batter
elder
clumsy person
jobholder
compiler
convict
folk writer
foster-child
borrower
general officer
newlywed
Chinese
hired help
colonel
beautician
depressive
naval officer
kinsman
connoisseur
agent
churchgoer
humorist
wayfarer
protege
bridge partner
registrar
taxpayer
destroyer
psychotic
powerhouse
owner
nun
female sibling
skater
swimmer
rester
vulgarian
male offspring
presiding officer
amateur
enrollee
daredevil
saxophonist
digger
pedaler
user
supremacist
nonvascular organism
agamete
bud
floral leaf
coil
purslane
kale
oxeye
rice
sugarcane
fiber
ornamental
cup
false nettle
agapanthus
aloe
day lily
coronilla
indigo
coral pea
bean
Juneberry
blackberry
gardenia
mistletoe
smoke tree
silver bell
corn salad
garden plant
veil
leaflet
hard fern
whisk fern
hoya
measure
natural shape
bend
straight line
conic section
square
quadrilateral
insulating material
earth
matter
propulsion
action
activity
poxvirus
down
hair
web
channel
graphic art
military installation
device
track
padding
angular shape
sheet metal
communication
message
written communication
cake
ordering
breeding ground
settlement
thing
path
visionary
explorer
calculator
tomato
subfigure
sphere
waste
solid
residency
passage
tube
body
mechanism
sprout
attribute
animal material
psychological feature
process
relation
molding
bed
layer
pit
cotton
flowering shrub
stalk
line
extremity
embroidery
sewing stitch
nerve fiber
specialist
governor
runner
painting
depository
district
critic
leaf
cord
bowling pin
businessperson
resident
bush clover
pipe
transportation system
side
English person
American
intruder
novice
attacker
chemist
learner
boxer
composer
visitor
messenger
troublemaker
fishnet
individualist
idler
signer
commissioned naval officer
suspect
hunter
plant part
matchweed
feather
blennioid fish
weight
eater
simpleton
accountant
collector
flagellate
disciple
painter
Hindu
Indian lettuce
manzanita
rhizopod
Indian
philosopher
businessman
hanging
deck
Lady
sedge
area
sculpin
agent
believer
old man
miner
Jew
point
butterfish
Dravidian
goosefoot
carving
pipe
country
adviser
beneficiary
deserter
fugitive
Englishman
innocent
conservative
deputy
submarine
official
switch
phagocyte
center
Russian
biologist
plantain
center
driver
enthusiast
chaplain
young person
bittercress
nest
photographer
Austronesian
mathematician
hawthorn
simple leaf
opening
erica
migrant
necklace tree
husband
pen
prisoner
administrator
swimmer
hibiscus
hole
accessory
lunatic
beard
Christian
prostitute
Hokan
peer
periwinkle
shrublet
ornithischian
angle
tree fern
region
visually impaired person
onion
star
German
servant
primitive
anthropologist
connection
board
diplomat
model
victim
model
bugbane
loop
workshop
handicapped person
broom
slab
red blood cell
bacteria
archosaur
marker
capsicum
work surface
inquirer
air plant
band
fruiting body
elder
polemonium
end
gangster
oxalis
publicist
lock
shell bean
union representative
field
agent
geographic point
rush
bluejacket
instrument of execution
fiduciary
witch hazel
polyhedron
financier
hydraulic brake
plaque
water line
Iroquois
track
camp
vagrant
andromeda
speculator
mesquite
roentgenogram
skin cell
oppressor
puzzle
nonreligious person
stairway
protective covering
secretary
rock brake
lettuce
bulb
rule
absentee
police sergeant
bark
infantryman
drum
Malaysian
smith
unpleasant woman
love grass
mullein
barley
branchiopod crustacean
neurogliacyte
soprano
bent
superior
bureaucrat
meddler
conversationalist
companion
stall
wild ginger
watercourse
Scot
epithelial cell
applicant
dissenter
gravida
indentation
board
crossing
West Indian
branch
wild onion
hyacinth
wisteria
tobacco
nut
harpsichord
mecopteran
book
dropseed
agricultural laborer
drilling bit
frustum
unmarried woman
sagebrush
muscle cell
trillium
aquatic fern
walk
body
architectural ornament
pilot
Baptist
dock
columnist
circuit board
seaweed
domestic
actress
picture
woodworker
fork
lorikeet
cookout
pea
cane
celestial point
passageway
striker
Irish person
Sioux
donor
Hindu
building block
compound leaf
drift
arbutus
slave
caprimulgiform bird
undergraduate
dining-room attendant
minstrel
hellebore
cricketer
foundation
weakling
strawberry
edge
wallboard
liquid crystal display
permanent magnet
field corn
Indonesian
weave
sword fern
informant
drawing
box
tile
cowboy
coral reef
fisherman
panic grass
stratum
cabinet minister
partisan
primary color
well
Bantu
blond
visual property
section
director
red raspberry
common bean
reproductive cell
drain
book
Cross
amorpha
condition
front
ground pine
remains
vault
Oriental
foreigner
conduit
tumbler
smoker
barrister
axis
belt
access
builder
paved surface
forest
tuber
yard
treasurer
pauper
white
sill
file
tunnel
dock
tineid
purplish red
signal
fixture
spring
highway
adhesive tape
social group
sister
expressway
pass
gathering
weather
woodwork
thoroughfare
bryophyte
academician
bed linen
toilet
male sibling
baseball
animal virus
eubacteria
soft-finned fish
lizard
coil
chamber
representation
plate
decoration
workplace
object
land
Protestant
European
African
unpleasant person
religious person
communicator
expert
official
criminal
supplier
leader
intellectual
member
adult
deceiver
man
performer
religious
relative
holder
speaker
skilled worker
linguist
libertine
customer
shrub
plant tissue
woody plant
aquatic plant
vascular plant
reproductive structure
body part
